OK, so task number one. Spend 1-2 minutes familiarizing. Yourself with the website. OK. So there is no. Uhm? Tabs. So it's just for local, apparently. Uhm? OK so quicklinks. Sounds like just so this makes me think about a file, but. Yeah OK, it's a file PDF. So I don't think there is any menu or something. It looks like. It could be not the the home page, I think. But I guess it is. And. OK, I'm not going to read this. Not nice. I see what's the purpose I guess. Few statistics here. I don't know if I should click elsewhere because all of these buttons seem like they are going to open something else and just another page. So I don't really want to open them. Maybe this one seems safe. I mean safe as in opening just another page.  OK, that's another page. Then we can type things. To search, I don't know what we can look for. Right?  Visual impression with the website. Uhm? Yeah yeah. So apart from this thing where I'm used to having some sort of a. Tab on tops who navigate. It feels like a bit crowded. But there is the information you're looking for I guess. Which is. Uhm it I. I don't exactly know. But This site is what what? What its purpose is. But you you get very, very quickly to the daily statistics. But then if you want to, so I'm going to close the tab the. The text thing if you want to have any of these. Yeah, I guess you can get to them, it's just. Uhm? There's a lot of colors and a lot of. Lot of links everywhere, so I don't really know myself where to click where to. What is a good idea to click on, I think. Yeah. There's a lot of call to action everywhere if you want to click on this, get the get this get this. And there is a A a search bar, but I don't know what you can search for. And on the site. Yeah, basically I'd say there's a lot of things and I don't exactly know. So if I were in this situation to where I need to look for information, I wouldn't really know where to look for it. I guess because there's a lot of things on the screen, it's not really easily. A findable for me. But maybe it's not the point, I don't know. I don't exactly know what the point of This site is actually. I see statistics and and then a lot of, uh, getting information for if you want to get vaccination or if you want to. Come into the country or something so like. I don't really know what the what the point is. No.  I think that's it. Tax #3 find the information about which region in Slovakia has the highest number of total COVID cases. So I think I've unfortunately found this already in advanced statistics. And there were regions here. Total number of cases, so it's not you you cannot filter, but. I'd say this is the present. Presov not sure about the South region, probably has. The most the highest number of total COVID cases. 248 Uhm? I think that's it, yeah? No. Tax number 4 evaluate the comprehensibility of. Statistics. So I'm not gonna lie. I didn't read any of these because it's. It's, uh, you know, I see the number, but I don't. I need it feels like there's a lot of things to need to read. But comprehensibility, I think it's comprehensible, I guess. If you read I did, I just didn't read it, but I guess if you read it comprehensible. I'm going to read, actually. In case. Oh wait, increase with. What does it mean? Oh, per day maybe. I guess it's per day. Because there's a total below every time. So 15,000 PCR tests previous day or today, I don't know. Lab confirmed cases. Antigen tests so every everything is one more. I mean you you count this every day. And you just add this to make the total for. That you can see below. Lab confirmed cases antigen I guess. Number of patients in hospitals confirmed. Intensive care OK. But is it? It's not total right number of patients in our currently OK OK currently. OK, death last increased 20 so that was probably last day. Seven day moving median. So. 9. I don't actually what that mean. I don't actually know what it means. Seven day moving median. I don't know about what it is, but it's it's. It's on throughout seven days I guess. I don't know about what. Number of person vaccinated. OK with this first dose. Second dose. And the number of people to engage. I guess previous day I guess. So if I had to evaluate the comprehensibility, I'd say. Really good, I guess you get what you want I guess. It's, uh, yeah. From this If you if you're looking for these statistics, I think you can get what you want. You just have to read so it can be discouraging. OK, tax #5. Find the information about exemptions from compulsory home isolation after arriving to Slovakia, Slovakia. OK about exemptions from compulsory home isolation. Is it this? After arriving. Is it OK now? That's Nope. So that's not information, that's just. Just some sort of form you have to fill in. So it's not where you have information, oh. Wait, that's the form. I need to come back. But the home was going to be the home of this site. From compulsory home isolation, after arriving to Slovakia, where do I find this? Is it going to be in these quick links? Or maybe I can search actually? Mandatory self isolation. Uh. Oh After arriving, So what is? Where do I get after arriving? Because this whole thing seems like it's. It's some if you get covered or something, but it doesn't look like. Oh yeah. Doesn't look like you you have any. These are talking about when you arrive to Slovakia. Mandatory self, so I'm going to pick the first one, but I don't think there will be anything. Uh, yeah, when you developed COVID-19, so that's not what I oh wait, wait, when arriving from a country posing a high risk. Of course you must register online by filling in the form. Huh about exemptions? So we we haven't even arrived to home isolation after arriving to Slovakia, so I'm I'm not even finding the exemptions. Uh. I'm gonna try this OK. OK, so we need to find the exemptions. 'cause they're they're talking to exemptions here. No. There they are. Exemptions from compulsory home isolation. Uh, OK fully vaccinated person. And persons between 12 and 18 years of age provided that no person. The same household is subject to the home isolation regime. OK, so I think oh wait, are there exemptions? Oh Oh well, that's a lot of exemptions. Commuters, oh, I'm not gonna read all this. That's a lot, but we we we get dumb. The main thing I do. Yes. Persons caring for close relatives farmers. What do you called function OK? OK sports cultural research worker, driver or crew members. Funeral of a closed person OK. I think that's it. So these are maybe too far. Uhm? So yeah, these are the 1st. More global exemptions and then you have exemptions. Because of the type of because of the of, the reason that brings you to Slovakia I guess. OK. Next task #6 describe your experiences navigating the exemption rule. A bit chaotic I I'm not gonna lie. Herb IDK. Take a. I don't really like these blue things where you have to. Open and it it. It creates a lot of. Lot of things to click on. I think I I like when there is a lot of text like this. And just a very few isolated, UM. Links I'm going to call this links where you have to click on. 'cause here it's this. It's very hard to read. Very, very hard to even. Uh, I don't remember what it how it was, but I was selecting this and then I went too far down or too far up and I couldn't find where I was because. I don't, it's it's a lot of colors everywhere and it's easy to drown in it I think. And finding all. Straight up finding this page was pretty hard. But I might have not used the right way to search for it. I used this the search bar. Not sure it was the best way. But once again, there's no menu, no tabs, no nothing you can. Search with the category and then. Than a page so.  Chaotic I'd say. Aren't we your plane to arrive? Finite. Is even possible? How come? Exemptions I guess? Oh no, that's the exception. For for isolation, OK. Oh, that's for isolation on me, OK? Uhm? I think. No later than upon entering the in the territory of Slovak Republic. People arriving in Slovakia mystery just register. So Oh no, I thought I thought it was going to be this, but it's a form no. So this is not. It must be billed when requested to show proof of registration during their stay. Uhm? Play another form here. I think it is because you're coming by air, apparently. OK, so there is a list stated of countries. Where you if you are coming from another country than the ones in the list, you need to show a negative test.  Uhm? All unvaccinated people entering the Tetris log Republic from 19 July 6 hours must enter safe self isolation. So we saw this below. Which ends in case of asymptomatic course and without testing on the 14th day. Symptoms you have to. Uhm? Report this. The number. So these are the requirements to entry. Uhm, you have to be fully vaccinated I think. So what is the fully vaccinated 14 days and not more than 12 months? After administration of the second dose? I've had two dose vaccine at least one days and not more than 12 months. Of a single dose vaccine at least 14 days and not more than 12 months. So should the first dose of vaccine. I'm just OK. Makes sense. I guess. Entry requirement registration form via OK, so that's another form. I'm curious. No, that's actually the same OK. It's just another page. OK, leading to the to the form must be filled in before crossing the border, OK? The first registration of vaccinated person is valid for six months. I don't exactly know what it means if you. If it wait. This is the first registration of a vaccinated person. So what did I don't? It means you're getting kicked out of the country after six months, or if you can just. Come come to Slovakia. I have ever any you any when you want after the. During the six months of the of the creation of of the of the feeling of the form I mean. Flippers need to people have to be able to prove their vaccination status. Uhm? To go all the way down. Oh wait, I think. It could be below no. Oh yes it is. Mission to the EU COVID card or confirmation of vaccination Slovakia. It is also possible to prove vaccination status by. Showing a certificate from other countries. When entering the Slovak Republic, proof of vaccination is accepted in Slovak search or English. Check maybe or English language only OK? Uh. With a proof of vaccination and no COVID like symptoms, they do not need. To enter mandatory self isolation OK. Possible so far? It's possible. What are the requirements so far? You need to be fully vaccinated or. Or Wait? But it's not said that you have to be fully vaccinated. Actually, is it said somewhere else? It's not said specifically that you need to be vaccinated. And true acquirements, it's yeah. It's pretty weird maybe. OK, so far I'm not seeing it. So this is the 2nd. Form you need to fill. This is the list of countries where you need to provide a test if you are. Not coming from a country here listed. OK, so I see my country. I would not need a test, that's good. Oh, so you can oh OK vaccinated person. Oh OK. OK, OK makes sense. So you can actually not be vaccinated I guess, so you must feel the. The the form the same form as. We talked before. OK. Earliest. On the 5th day. OK, so you need to wait sale 5th per five day. Before testing. A negative test. I guess you still need to have a test before OK. OK, a lot of I'm not gonna read this, but a lot of. Of reasons to not self isolate, if you're unvaccinated. OK. If they can, OK well I'm not going to read the reasons. Come. Cross border commuters. Penders. OK, so people basically. Uh. Have a permanent of temporary residence in Slovakia. So they probably work nearby and have to come by. Back and forth. From Slovakia to other countries.  OK. OK. If I was the one planning to arrive. Uh, I'm vaccinated, so I would need. To fill in this form. Uhm? Available for I could I could go to Slovakia for six months after filling it in? Uh, and I would need to be able to prove that I'm vaccinated to not be self isolated. And if I need to come through a flight, I need to fill in this form as well. Which I will need a translator for. Mom, OK? Here we have a translator. Alright. And that's it, I guess because I don't. I'm I'm coming from one of these countries, so I don't need a a test. A negative test OK? Uhm, do I have any other? Requirements I think that was exemptions. How much solution? OK, OK. OK, so that's the. Oh, you did. If you're you you also required to register. Oh, I need to register on. OK, now that's the form.  To proof my vaccination status. Right? Task #8 how did you feel about searching for the information? I was already on the right page, so it was pretty OK. Yeah, I'd say other than the fact I didn't. Straight away find that it was in the category of vaccinated. And I didn't think it was. Mandatory to be vaccinated. I didn't know if it was and apparently it's not. So I feel like it was OK. It's a lot of text, but it's. It's normal, I think, and it's not even that much. If you think about it. I didn't even necessarily need to read this and vaccinated if I'm vaccinated, for example. So if you take. Account just the part that was a the one I was concerned by. I was affected by. It's not even that long actually, so pretty good. Uhm, visually speaking, it's the it's the same as before. It's a very long vertical page, just no. No, nothing, just vertical text, and it's always hard to know. Get through, but once you get to it, it's it's pretty OK. And I was already on the right page, so I didn't have. I didn't spend too much time. I'm looking for the information. I'm talking when I fill in the. You're running cow. Registration at arrival form that you have to fill after arriving to Slovakia from abroad. To the best of your. You're planning to arrive by plane from the USA, landing in Vienna, Austria. And then arriving to Slovakia. You're not vaccinated. Do not submit the form. In the last step, only filling the information used this information where applicable. Or make up your own. Oh, lots of information. OK so I'm John. I'm John Smith ID OK. OK. So the form is this one. I'm going to fill in the form. Uhm? OK. So date of birth January 13th. So. Wait, there's a. Oh, that's the arrival location. Rifle date no yeah. Of course, of course. OK. When am I supposed to arrive? It is not said. Right? I went autopilot and I saw diamond here. I saw it. I thought it was date of birth. I didn't. I didn't even check. Uhm arrival date must be minus 14 and plus 30 days from the current date. So it is the. 85th. I'm coming next month. Next day I mean. What country did you come from? Probably Austria? Which other countries have you visited in the last 14 days? So now I think I should add Austria. As I'm coming from the USA, but I'm lounging in Austria and then arriving to Slovakia OK. Four name I'm John. I'm John. John Smith Identification number Slovak birth number enter with. Slash or? **** Probably not pronounced as a C ID assigned by another country. Uhm? So there's an ID here. 123456. Uhm? Oh, I haven't had an isolation. Address OK, I think it's an idea signed by another country. If you do not have a Slovak birth number. I don't think I have one. Eight of birth. Here we are. OK so. Generate the 13th. That's OK. Email address and phone number. Wait, what is the first one email address? Tester@gmail.com phone number. With which you arrived from abroad. And the phone number again. OK. Uhm? Who is a fully vaccinated person who is a vaccinated OK? So I am fully I'm not vaccinated, I believe. You're not vaccinated. Uhm? Continue conditions for entry to Slovakia. Strict negative test is not enough to enter the country if you do not qualify for any of the exceptions you are subject to. Mandatory Home Oregon quarantine isolation. So we solve the exceptions. I do not have an exemption. From home isolation, I don't believe I do. Have one. Hum. OK. Play charged by plane. It is not said what I'm doing here, so I'm not probably exempted. And I do have an address. Straw And number. Provide one. I don't think I have one. I have an exemption. No no no no no. Home isolation home isolation ends up through the negative PCR tests you will be ordered no earlier than the 5th day after arrival from abroad. The first day of isolation is the day after crossing the border. If you're right, for example on Monday, the first day of isolation counts from Tuesday. Health insurance company. I don't think I have one. Do I note? Without health insurance in the EU. Residue Address during self isolation. OK so. Town xelina So this C is not going to come right, yeah? Do I need to search for it? OK wait, I'm gonna really now I'm gonna tipili now probably. Oh, right. Good. I'm St. Prove that. Well, it says Street, but it's probably the number with it. Oh how's house number OK, never mind. OK. ACS code is 123456. Play. Address. Address some residents tries during self isolation. I don't know what it means. Uhm? Wait? Yeah. Don't have address, I think. Wait post code 123456. Damn it I cannot. This is wrong. OK, this is wrong, OK? I'm gonna remove one. I guess it doesn't matter too much. I think I don't have a permanent residence in Slovakia. So. One of the preferred pickup point. It was not mentioned, I believe. Uhm, yeah. A genius. Will request additional information from you. Can help us by entering them voluntarily now. This is all optional. I'm not going to fill this in. I have read the *****. Am I going to read this? Wow, this is actually short. I'm not going going to read it, but. This is actually pretty short. APR OK I'm Or you guys are doing great with my data. So if I declare that all the above information is true, yes. Yes, I'm robot. Uhm? I don't submit, right? Yeah, I I hopeless forgot. For a moment. I did not see the form in the last step, only fill in the information. Used information we're printable. OK, OK OK OK next task. Sum up your ex. And experience with filling the form. Pretty standard, I guess. Pretty standard. I don't have anything to say it's it's a form, it's what you what you expect from a form pretty much. It's nice to have different pages for four different UM. Different subjects or. I don't know how to say this. But yeah, it's nice to have. A shorter amount of information to fill in per page, because otherwise it makes a very very long form to fill. And you can forget, oh. I don't know what it means, but I'm probably robot. It can probably mean I'm. Uhm, if it's some yeah when it's too long it's a bit depressing, but yeah, it's a pretty nice form. I like it. Exactly what I would expect from a forum. Not much to ask. Describe task #11 describe your understanding of the rules which apply after arriving to Slovakia. Uhm, so I think I understand that I'm going to be self isolating. I don't really understand. What is going to happen? I think there is a test going on five days after the second day, because if I arrive on Monday, it's sorry, it's. Counting from Tuesday. Yeah, that's what I say here. If you arrive, for example on Monday the first day of isolation counts from Tuesday. So it would mean I would receive probably the test on Saturday or something like this. M. Yeah. Apart from this slight. Uhm? It's it's not accurate, it's just, uh, uh, a bit confusing I guess. But apart from this it's it's. I think I would understand what is. Wanted from me. I think about I know, wait apart from the pickup thing we will. Where was it again? To pick up test, it was the last one, OK? From Section of the preferred pickup point. I don't exactly know what it means. I don't know who's supposed to pick up what. No, I'd say overall pretty OK, pretty good. Pretty good understanding of the rules I guess. But I think a few informations where. Given, uhm, yeah, before the. Form I think. Because here. It's wait, oh OK yeah you can see them here. Uh, it's Slovak, but. OK. Task number 12 after being vaccinated abroad, you would like to complete your vaccination in Slovakia. Wow, what are the steps that you need to do? Try this car being out loud how you would fill the forms that you find to apply for vaccinations from abroad. How you would fill the forms that you find to apply for vaccinations for from abroad? OK, so I think I'm going. Go back. OK forms for vaccinated abroad for forms for persons vaccinated abroad to complete the vaccination against COVID-19 in Slovakia. Get the declaration. Get the information chart. So I wait. Read more information about our planning for vacation. So I don't exactly know which one of the two is the one I should read first, but the declaration seems like so. More formal I think, and you would this is the last step. I guess you need to get information before I think. Applying for vaccinations from broad OK. Have you heard the first or second dose abroad and you want to get fully vaccinated? Go to so. This is the website. Yes we were on. Just before that, this is actually the same, but. It's the the home page download information chart so. And this is. I'm going to click on both, but it's going to open the same, yes, OK. So download information chart in good faith declaration, so this is probably a good faith declaration. Yes, OK. I am feeling the correct data and sign the both forms submit, submit the both forms and the proof of previous vaccination or original copy to the doctor at the vaccination center. Where you get vaccinated without prior registration. Uhm? OK, we did those given in Slovakia will be shown in your EUT CQ19. Pass, will be needed to obtain your EU digital COVID certificate. Uhm yes, go to this site and click so this is the same site. Click the button name ******. MC COVID-19 pass. Which will be automatically generated and sent to your email. OK, so first wait, is this not after? Getting vaccinated. Oh yeah, so I don't know what that means. Which will be automatically generated and sent to your email. I'm going to translate this.  Go to this site download information chart in good faith declaration, fill in the correct data and sign. To both forms. Submit the both forms and the proof of previous vaccination. Original copy to the Doctor at the Vaccination Center where you get vaccinated without queer. Registration OK, so I need to fill in these two forms. Uh, OK. Oh OK, I was gonna say this is old and Slovak, but it's there's English as well. Information on previous vaccination. First dose so. OK, I can really feel so. I would need to a print I guess. Or open it up in something where I can. Type something in. Good for the Croatian name, so I'm not going to fill this because currently I cannot. Come. OK, so this is all in. Slovak and this is the same but in English I guess. If I compare the links. Oh no, I clicked on it. Oh no. So this is in Slovak. This is in. Slovak as well OK. There's no English. I guess unless it is. Later. Doesn't look like it. OK, so there is no English. OK, your personal data is being processed for the purpose of providing L health services. Providing this personal data is voluntary. Great. Am I, the undersigned, hereby certify that the following information provider is correct? So date signature alright. So this is the. I think they wanted me to click on. Here. I do not have, I think. I do not have. I don't remember the digital digital code certificate. I think that's what it means. Not sent your email OK? What is this again? Well, that's the home page. Remove it OK? Would need to. Click my The vaccine I guess. OK, so this is all in Slovak. I'm not gonna understand anything. How do I understand this? Oh yeah, yeah of course. OK, there is some English here and there. OK, you will need your cell phone number. OK, I'm going to click on this later, OK? 1st I need to finish this so I'm. I would need to print this and scan it or use a something to write on PDF files. To be able to, oh, you can actually click on this. But you cannot feel. Yeah, I cannot feel anything, can you? I don't think you can. So this is French, sorry. OK, you can't I guess. Uhm? OK. So I don't exactly understand why this is printed here, but this is good information about how to receive the digital code certificate and. Uh, I guess. I don't know what's the difference. I don't have it. Remember, I guess this is to help you getting it back. OK. Can I see?  OK, again the personal data. I can click on it, but the rest I cannot fill so I would need to. Either print it and scan it, or and write on it. Physically or get it into a software where I can write on PDF OK. So what was the plan again? Uhm? What are the steps you need to do? Try describing out loud. How you would fill the forms that you find to apply for vaccination from abroad. OK, so that's what I would do. Depending on my situation, if I don't have a software where I can write the thing in in the PDF. I would print it and write it up physically. And then re scan it. I guess for both of these file of these forms. OK. What are steps that you need to do? So apparently I need to fill these two. And then submit. To the doctor. So submit the the forms and the proof of previous vaccination. So I I this is not part of the of the test I guess. But I have them to talk to at the vaccination. Enter where you get vaccinated without prior registration so you. Could just go there at vaccination center. If you find 1, submit the forms to the doctor and your proof of previous vaccination. And dumb. And that's it. And then you could get the pass. Wait? OK, now I'm curious about this. So I should be able to click on something called Nimni PO. Mtem Huh? Yes. Uhm? Nobody. It's called the same. So maybe I need to type? Certificate. OK. And The thing is, I cannot find it here. It's I mean maybe I can. But there's a lot of things here. Rotations, I don't think it is here. Where else could it be? Did it already did it all?  Maybe this is not OK. It was the closest to what I what I'm looking for. Uhm? Clinton pass maybe? So. And just get your forms, get a proof of vaccination. And go to the vaccination centre. Give all the papers to the doctor. And that's it pretty much. And if you want the pass. Uhm? Oh yeah, if you want rather the the the digital digital copy certificate you just need. So I didn't get to this step, but I'm I'm not sure it's what is required anyway. So let's say. In a real situation I would. Just afterward need to go on this. And dumb, and that's it. And you get everything you you need, uhm? Pretty easy to understand I think. Because once again, there's not a lot of text, it's very. Uhm? Right, the first thing is. There's two links. Well, actually three if you count to double homepage. But there's two links. You just click them and and the links are directly forms. So apart from the fact you cannot directly fill in the forms and you need to use another strategy to fill them, it's pretty straightforward. You just click the the forms, you fill them and that's it, you huge. So the only part is how do I get a vaccination center? But maybe you could get it. So I think you should be able to get one here, right if. If you were to. Uhm yeah, you know. Real life stories. I think you could get. The vaccination center from this. Oh, here it is. Digital copy, pasty you found it? I guess. Did I? Ah, yes, that's what it is. OK, I'm not gonna go further because it's all in Slovak but. And I understand none of it. But I guess if you called this number or. Uhm, vaccination. Without registration, maybe that's that's the one. Oof. OK. Obviously I'm not gonna read this, but it looks like you can, so I see I see things I understand like. Time and the name of the of the vaccine. So this is probably in days. This is probably the days available for. And the region. Probably you get the the location here I guess. So yeah, you've got the the centers that are available for vaccination I assume. 18 + 2012 to 17. And. I don't know 1217. Oh maybe next week. Yeah, that's the week after, OK? And you have 18 plus for the week after as well. OK, well, it's yeah. You can get your vaccination center here. So maybe this is the only thing lacking. Is where do you get your vaccination center and maybe information in English? If you're coming from. A foreign country, but overall it's pretty. It's pretty understandable what you need to do. OK task #14. What are the next steps after filling the forms? I just boiled it. I guess you need to do what. I just did a go to. So you can actually register, but is it? Can you actually Register here for the. 4IN. I think it is set here. You need to not. Register here. Will you get vaccinated without prior registration? So you need to go. Here. You need to. Understand Slovak first. Or swap into. Oh, you actually get a. Ah, Nope. I thought you would have English. Uhm? So yeah, I think you've got the address. Uh, the region. The city I guess. It would be better to have this in. English, probably. And I assumed this would. Translate the page in English, but it doesn't seem like it's working. And the message I'm getting here. I don't understand it. Yeah, you you. You get the time and date. Of where of where you can go when. Apparently, and what vaccine can I get? And then you need to just show up I guess. It's pretty weird that you. Yeah, I guess that's what it is. You need to just show up there. And get your two forms your. Uhm, proof of previous vaccination and show this to the doctor and that's it. I think that's it. Next steps after filling the forms. So you need to take them with you physically. I guess you would need to print them. Uhm? Print your proof of if you have it online, print your proof of. Nation. Original and copy OK. So you need to get the original as well, so probably not online one. Uhm? And you need to go on on this. Find your. Find a date and a time that suits you and. Go there with other forms and the proof of vaccination. I think that's it. You have completed all the tasks we'd like to you. To answer the phone questions by describing the answers out loud and also by selecting the number of the on the rating scale that best matches your enter. Please explain your decision. Do not refresh the website during the questionnaire, otherwise your answer will be lost. Is carbon sump your overall experience with the website? Uhm? I'd say 3. Because once again, it it it it's about. Not having anything to to have to search through categories and. Have something where you can always go back to like this is the home page. It doesn't look like home page. And there's a lot of information on the homepage. Lot of direct links without categories, and you just. It it's. It's a bit much to me, but other than that you get, you get the statistics here on the front page if that's what you're looking for, is great. And you get a few of of the of the important information. This here is good. I think it's. It hits your eyes pretty nicely, so I like this. But it would be even better if there was no. Author. Things everywhere because there's like there's a lot of things here. Going on so I'd say. I would like it to be this only and maybe the statistics and a menu where you can select your. UM, the wear through the categories and stuff you can select. The page you want to. Visit. Uh, how did you feel about obtaining the information from the website? Uhm? It's. It's going to be around 3:00, I think again. It's easier to come to travel through the website. But there are still I'm going to. Actually, I'm going to put 2. Uhm, because even though you understand you still need to. You still still need to put in a lot of effort into. Uhm? Into finding the information you want. And even when you find it, it's. Hard to really understand what is required every time. So overall, not very good I I think. And it's mostly because of the time you spend searching for the information and and you are not exactly sure you found everything. Because at some point, maybe you're going to find something else elsewhere and you're not exactly sure. But you found everything you wanted. Yep, describe how understandable the information from the website was and your level of confidence in being able to use the information. Uhm, it wasn't as tenable, just. Uhm? It feels like you have to do a lot of investigation to be sure you're not lacking anything. So in terms of. With confidence. In being able to use the information, I'd say it's. On the low part I'd say 2 1/2, but how understandable? I felt like it was pretty understandable and it was. Well described, well written, I'd say. The only thing is it's very vertical, very long and very all these dumb. Things to read and to open close and it's it's a very. Very long. Some process to get through this so understandably, yes, it's just a bit hard to get. Level of confidence a bit low, but. It's not that you don't trust the source, it's that you you're not. You don't trust yourself. On having everything you need, so I'd say overall three. I'd say I'd say. Uhm? Yeah, three OK 33 seems good enough. OK. Thank you for you for participating. My pleasure. 
