You're so. After 10 AM. Increase. No. Nobody's vaccinated well. Today When was this? Yeah, this was today. 23 deaths.  Has like I said, it's clear it has. Infolinx to where you need quicklings if you need something there and then I like that you're able to open and close exactly what you want to see. Yeah. Animation about which region Selecky has highest number. Toss Of total cases. Oh, OK, right here. I don't. I don't know how to say that, but total cases? Oh, it's not an order, OK? So it's this one actually. Why? Why do that? And where is that? I don't know. Finally, read the comprehensibility of the statistics. Here I would say. I mean, I think the regions are in. Like alphabetical order, but I feel like it would be better if the total number of cases was the like top. Because. I would say that's more. Important when you're looking at the number of cases is kind of makes sense in a numerical sense rather than being in. Alphabetical order. Like said, these statistics are. Pretty clear to read. I the only thing I would say is maybe put the like. What you're talking about at the top instead of just increase. But otherwise, that all makes sense.  Permission vote exemptions for compulsory home isolation after. OK, we're going to go back. Travel and immigration. After arriving too, so it would it be here. It's so good I'm doing what it wants. I don't know if it was sharing that other tab before, I hope so. Uh. But that's from risk countries. That's what I was asking. Compulsory home isolation after arriving to Slovakia. So it would be here. Vaccinated persons do not need to enter herself. Isolation mentor is all the isolation. OK, I think that's what I needed. Describe the experience as navigating the exemption rules. I don't know if I lived in. The exact right spot for exemption rules. See one that just says like exemption rules, but it wasn't hard to find it. From That page. Find out whether the rivals even possible and if yes, were the requirements. OK, so let's go back here. Can I sell here who visited the country in the last 14 days? Canada is not on though there. So. I'm vaccinated, so I would just have to do this thing. I wouldn't have to do so if isolation. I would have to. OK. How did I feel about searching for that information? I don't, oh wait, let me see for a second here. No test is occurred on arrival by air. OK, so I wouldn't have to do 1. It was pretty easy. It wasn't too difficult to figure out where. To find the information it was on that page pretty clearly and then. Each section is well laid out, so I didn't think it was too difficult to find. In the registration rela. To the best of the year, living from the USA, learning in Vienna and then you're arriving to Swahili. You are not vaccinated. Not do not send the form. Use this information where applicable and make up your own. OK, so wait, which one do I have? Registration arrival. No. OK. So. Which country did I come from? Austria Personal information oh God. Auto fill anything. Fill it out. While that tabus There. To January 1999. OK, I can. Do this again, it's not the same as the previous one, how? That doesn't make any sense. Continue. Umm? Day. 30th of January, 1999. I don't. I'm not a vaccinated person. That's what it said to click, right? Yes, OK. I have no exemption from home isolation, I believe. Unless what was?  In the. My address, I mean I could type it in. But UM. I'm just not gonna click on it because it's going to try to autofill my information in. And that should be good for that task. My sum up my experience filling in the form UM. That The birthday thing was kind of weird, but I think it might have been my fault because of the ID didn't match the. Lake Birthday because I was doing the one in Slovakia, so I'm not 100% sure there. Otherwise it was OK. It was pretty straightforward. It was clear it was easy to read things like that. Describe your understanding, the rules which apply after arriving to Slovakia. Umm? You have. 12 is like self isolate. Unless you have an exemption. And you have to fill out these forms. And. There are few exceptions too. Like Not. Isolation like you could if you're vaccinated. If you're not vaccinated, you need to. You need to get it like that. Digital COVID certify. And. And things like that. Would you like to complete your you would like to? What are the steps that you need to do to try to scaring the louds how you had felt the forms to find to apply for vaccinations? Applying for action issues for abroad. You got your room? Want to get fully vaccinated? So you would go to this website and then download this and this the correct data and sign the forms. And that seems like how I would apply and then I would submit both. And the proof of vaccination to the doctor at the vaccination center. And that's about it, seems like. Steps are corrected. Her playing a vaccination series. It's. Pretty simple, you download these things from your information, sign them and then go to the vaccination center and get the van. What are the next steps after filling the forms? Going to the. Show that doctor and the proof of previous vaccination, original and copy. OK. All the tasks were likely to answer the following questions. I described the answers out loud. And also select in the number on the reading skill that matches. Please explain your decision. Please OK sum up your overall experience with the website, I would say. Very pretty good. Wouldn't say that it was. The best like a five and five, but I wouldn't say it was bad in any way, but I feel about obtaining the information. Good, I got what I needed to know and it wasn't confusing like it wasn't taking me in circles or anything like that. Skype understandable the information from the website was in your level of confidence in being able to use the information absolutely understandable. There isn't really much else to say. It was very clear.  
