OK, I should be testing now. So my first task is to spend one to two minutes familiarizing myself with the website. Since I already know the website, it shouldn't be that difficult for me. But at the top, we've got a search bar and then some daily statistics with the COVID cases from Slovakia. And further down. There are some vaccination forms. And some quick hyperlinks. As well as the. Covered traffic lights. But nothing really unfamiliar to me. We've got the ebar their registration, which from today actually is not working, and we've got the vaccination registration as well as testing for COVID registration and digital COVID pass registration. OK, I should be good to proceed to next task which will be to describe my initial impression with the website. Actually, the website does not seem so userfriendly to me just because of. How? How much information there is because the first thing you see when you open the website is a ton of numbers and you have to really be focus. On the number to see what the what does the number mean like I see a lot of these numbers and these numbers and this number, which is actually a zero and that number. And when I go down I see a lot of other links and numbers and a lot of text which could be confusing to a person who is not very familiar with the computers. And. There's this thing up here that. Things like something I have to fill right now, which does not give a good feeling and. There are a lot of arrows that link to different sides and I really do not know where do they go, so I might just have to try every every one of them to see so the process is really really long. What I would suggest is just the regular menu that's. It's like are you a visitor? Click here. Are you from Slovakia? Click here are you coming to Slovakia or did you? Have you been to Slovakia? Click here and things like that. So like. Not all the options on the same page. That is my initial thought. Proceeding to the next task. Find the information about which region in Slovakia has the highest number of total COVID cases. OK, so we would have to go to.  Two to two. Not down here, definitely. Maybe here region. I will try to search for a region. And with no outcomes, I'm going back. I'm going to the daily statistics because. That's where it should be. We've got the day. Yes, here it is. The map with the regions and we have to find the region that has the highest number of total COVID cases. Which should be Bratislava, but I'm not really sure if this red means the number of total cases or the number of the most cases, because right now, when the COVID cases are descending, the two things are basically the same because. The bigger the city, the more cases it has in general, but also the bigger the city, the more cases it has today, because there is no such thing as a region that is like having a massive spread in it right now. But here is the total number of cases in the graph that helps us more than this map down here. So. As we could see, the total number of cases. This is the highest in pressure region, so that is the answer to the task. The pressure region has the highest number of total COVID cases. Next task. Evaluate the comprehensibility of the statistics. I mean, as I said during the previous task, it's not something that is really easy to work with, especially if this map because me as a person. I really like maps more than I like just to. Tables because. When I look at the map, I can clearly see that, for example, Bratislava region has a lot of cases or pressure region or Cochise region or jillina region, because the color is different. But when I Scroll down here and I look at this, I am not really sure because I have to go through the edge number separately. I have to see this number and this number and this number and this number and compare them all with. What I what I think is the highest number in my head. So basically I have to go through the all region, all of the regions separately which. I think it's really costing me a lot of time compared to if I just could click somewhere here and switch between total cases and daily cases or things like that. That will make things so much easier and so much easier to comprehend. The next task find the information about. Exemptions from compulsory home isolation after arriving to Slovakia. Actually, the exception should. Not be in place since today, but let's see. Compiles our home information after arriving to Slovakia, so I have to go down here. I've already seen that. It's. Traveling to the Slovak Republic from abroad, I have to register. Sorry for that. And OK, I've seen some very nasty code. But Other than that? It opened an. E border formula in the external page. I'm not really sure whether you can see it, but. I hope you can. And. This is the formula. There are not the exceptions, so I believe I should look for exceptions here probably. Regulations board the regime may adapt, could be true and there is a lot of text again Oh my God. And I don't really know how new this document is. Because it says effective from Wednesday 1st December 2021, which is four months. Four months ago, but I have to find the exemptions from compulsory home isolation. And these countries have no. Test required.  The exception is the, so the exception is the vaccine. Yes, that is this. Vaccinated persons do not need to enter mandatory self isolation and I have to say. First of all, this document is terrible, but second of all, the colors at least make up for the terrible documents because this thing, this text that is bold and colorful really helped. To search for the information I needed. Also, the other exception is when you are unvaccinated and go through a negative PCR test. After filling the E border, but the border is no longer a thing, so also this document. Terribly written and. Outdated. So that's another minus for the site, but OK. Proceed to the next task, describe your experiences navigating the exception rules. I basically already did that. I kind of knew I should go here because this is for Slovak citizens. This is for Slovak citizens. This for Slovak citizens as well, which is very weird because you've got 3 boxes. Of wings for Slovak citizens and. On the 2nd place you've got a box for the citizens abroad like. What was the logic behind it? Why would you put the second box? What, what firstly, why would you even put the box for abroad citizens? Next to a box for Slovak citizens. And secondly, why would you put it on the 2nd on the 2nd place? Like why couldn't it be down here or the first thing? Or why couldn't it be different color? And as I already said, the travel Regulations PDF is terrible. OK, next task is task #7. Let me check if the recording is still on. Should be you're planning to arrive from abroad to Slovakia. Find out whether the arrival is even possible. If you ask what are the requirements of the arrival. So I have to open the PDF again. Oh my God, OK? I'm opening the PDF now. And the general rules. Are Filled the PLF of course when arriving by air. And here is not stated if I'm arriving by air so. I have to register to eBay order, which is not the thing by the way. Again, saying it's not a thing. So the whole page is outdated. And when I'm unvaccinated, OK, the the good thing is the rules for arrivals are the fun. Thing found in this PDF. That is good, but still I don't feel like. Something this important should be in a PDF and just placed here. I think it should be like it. The information itself should have an HTML page should be a normal website page and it should be far better written and it shouldn't be outdated of course. So the rival. Of course is possible because of the code situations and these were the requirements they are not today. But as I stated, many times the document is outdated. The next task, how did I feel about searching the information, given that this was also a part of my previous task, it was not that difficult, but again, everything I said before is still valid and the. Border the E border box. Being here stodgily out of place. The regulations, being in the PDF with a lot of text, 11 pages of text. Completely out of out of context so. Let's go to the next task. Fill in the libardo registration at arrival form that you have to fill after arriving to Slovakia from abroad. To the best of your ability, your plan to arrive by plane from. USA Landing in Vienna and then arriving to Slovakia. You're not vaccinated, you do not submit the form, of course, OK. So we're launching the farm. And let's say the date is correct. I'm coming from. Actually there are two things you can do me as a traveler. I know that you can. Say that you're coming from a country that your flight goes in and you cross the border. So in this case Austria, or you can. Say you're coming from the USA and least. Austria is another country, but. And right now I will say I'm coming from the USA, but I no, no, sorry I'm wrong. By the way, I I clicked on the registration here. In English version of the website. And I went straight to the Slovak version. So if I was not from Slovakia, I would. Not know what any of this means. Like literally, so that is oh OK. Here you can select the language. I'm sorry, but like why the? Why is the default language Slovak? I don't get it. OK, so coming down sorry it's Austria so it will be up here. So I'm coming from Austria but up also visits it. United States of America.  Should be good continue in. I'm not a vaccinated person, so continue. And. Ohh sorry you gave me the you gave me the data that I should use. OK, never mind, I hope it's not that big of a mistake. I hope it's not that big of a mistake. I should have an address for a home isolation. Without the health insurance in the US I suppose, and the see it sound as jillina. So I'm going down to the. What? Why can't I? Choose jillina. OK, I I I can search for it looks like but I can't choose it. And the post code 12345 OK. This everything is good. Everything is good. This formula is for once very well did done very well done. The address is the same. I don't have a preferred pickup and I guess. Yes, everything, everything should be good. No additional data, but if I wanted to I could, which is a very good thing and I can now confirm it and submit it, which obviously I'm not going to do. And my experience with filling up the form is mostly positive. Actually, the bad thing was that when I clicked on the form in the end. Version of the page it. It belonged the Slovak version of the farm, which is a nonsense. But other than that, the farm is not bad. It's better than what I've seen in other countries, so overall not that bad compared to the rest of the site. The 11th task is to describe my understanding of the rules which apply after arriving to Slovakia. Again, if we are good. By the rules that were. Actually valid until today. Then It is very clear to understand them. I think for a traveler, but for a non traveler just to search for the little tiny travel regulations document could be a pain. But Speaking of the rules. You Obviously. Either are vaccinated or are not vaccinated. If you are vaccinated. Depending on the situation, you can move freely or you have to take a test. And if you are not vaccinated, then you. Again, depending on the situation outgoing, you have to either take a test or you have to. Quarantine  The next task after being vaccinated abroad, you would like to complete your vaccination in Slovakia. What are the steps that you need to do? Try describing it out loud now. Feel OK. So I have to registrate for the third dose. In Slovakia also the good thing is that there is an option for a vaccination without registration. But I want to read I want to. Register So I have to select my. Birth number I have to sell the ID. Probably because I can't register without using my birth number. So as I already stated, I just have to fill in the registration form. And I would, uh, fill the form with my birth number. As mentioned in the previous task. I would have to find the registration form first, which actually is not that bad. It's a very huge button. And I would have to fill it out with my info similar to the E border form, so I wouldn't think there would be a problem with that. The next steps after filling the forms is firstly awaiting the email to get the confirmation that the forms have been sent successfully submitted successfully. And. Then just. Uh, like. Fear if you're registering for the vaccine, then attempting the vaccination of course go into the hospital or. If you're going traveling to Slovakia, then download the downloading the E border and showing it to the people in the airport. OK, now we are going to submit the questionnaire. And explaining my decisions. OK. Describe inside your overall experience with the website. I think 2 is a good good mark because it was not good. It was not good so far and five definitely rolled out and even the things that were good like the formulas were. Not as good, and could be very confusing for a foreigner, so I think is a fair rating. How did you feel about obtaining the information from the website? Very bad. Too bad you have to search for it a lot and it's not as clear to see as the websites of the other countries. Describe how understandable the information from the website was and your level of confidence in being able to use. The information was. Brixy understandable, but it was hard to find and my confidence in being able to use the information. In a normal scenario would be good, but as we've seen today, the Travel regulation changed and here on this page we can still find the old travel regulations, so I would say absolutely not understandable just for that. And thank you for participating. 
