   Not on the very bottom. Doesn't make that much sense to me. To have it separated by the quicklinks in the middle. And I see the red map.   Information about exemptions from compulsory home isolation. After arriving to Slovakia. Now it's switched to Slovak. Maybe Aaron. No, don't want to register.  Cool. No, I can't find what I'm looking for. Let's go to portal. Again the same. Just opening everything now randomly. I don't have nerves anymore. I'm going to the next question. I think this was on purpose that it's not here. So. Yeah, made me annoyed a bit. I would need to go to Google because I couldn't find it here. Planning to arrive from abroad to Slovakia. Find out whether the arrival is even possible. And if yes? Are the requirements of the arrival. Oh Again. No, I do not want to register to anything. Going back to the moon.  I'm annoyed, I felt annoyed. Because somehow I don't know whether I am incapable. And completely illiterate. Or it's not here, and if it's the first option, then I apologize. Filling the air into registration at arrival. From that you have to fill after around sloke from abroad to the best of. Ability. You're planning to arrive by plane from the USA, landing in Vienna and then arriving to Slovakia. You're not vaccinated. Do not submit the form in the last step. Only fill in the information. Use this information where applicable. Or make up your your own. I have four names. I think I will make up my own. So I had.  Where is it here? Johnsmith@test.com Telephone 00421. 999 999999. One more time, it doesn't want to accept it. Plus Copy paste telephone number.   Lyon Address. 123 456 Ravnica. OK. Yeah, but they know English. Switching the keyboard just because Gelina is with special character going to the next task.  Some experience with filling the form. It's not so difficult, it's just they're asking too many informations. And. Yeah. Switching to Slovak keyboard is not so nice. I think it should be made in a way that you just write that and it gives usually automatically. And. Yeah, the rest is up. OK, next task. Describe your understanding of the rules which apply. After arriving to Slovakia. I didn't find them. What you need to do? Try describing out loud how you would feel the forms. Did you find to apply for vaccinations from abroad? Just rayshon Nice. OK, there is good faith declaration. Yes. And then after it's done.  In there, otherwise your answer will be lost. Describe some of your overall experience with the website #3. Or #4 wasn't so so bad it's my fault I couldn't find things. How did you feel about obtaining information from the website? Well, #3 because I clicked somewhere and then it re routed me to other. National. Health information and then I got lost. So #3 next question describe how understandable the information from the website was and your level of confidence in being able to use the information. Well, #3 because I would need to read it multiple times to be sure that I understand. Finish. 
