So we've got 1,000. Uh. He's actually 1 to 2 minutes to get acquainted with this site. So we see a headline on the page. Any stats a day? The vaccine is sie. Any different tables? Current metals for the vending machine. Also highlighting for individual districts.  How can we prevent infection that we should not be seeing other people, not family or friends? Granite 2m from other people. What are we supposed to do when we're positive? It works a lot. Cn.  What are we supposed to do if we were? Hm close to some qualities positive, i.e. in contact with him.  So we're supposed to describe some of our impressions? Uh, the website. Uh, isn't it? Website on 1. View. It looks pretty neat. Although. Quite a lot. Uh those lines uh is pointing to the Slovak version of this site, which is quite strange since we are on. The English version. Well, there's all the important information I think. A metal house. Hmm it so into the vending machine. I probably won't find out. Hm. That it would advance statistics? This. So at the moment, it looks like he's got the most. Although it's because they are. And the other weird thing here is the last one in Slovak. If it were to be in English, as we are on the English version of the site and the most. Region.  Uh, who has the most positive ones? He should be in Bratislava. If I'm watching well. Is there anything else? Oh, okay, he said something different and less SA so the region is. Probably the Prešov region. Hey. The county has. Most. Those cases. I'm not blind, am I?  The English version of that page regarding this data in that table, so those. Um, I see that. The authors of that page chose sorted by. And the alphabets. Although. I don't think that's a good way of sorting alphabetically. Like, I was wondering if it would be better to line it up. But. Uh, those additions or by? Uh this total number of cases. That from biggest to smallest. And I think everything's fine. Talk. Others, so we have to find information on the exemptions from. At least in English. Less domestically bad type of arrival in Slovakia. With information isolation, I think he was somewhere on the homepage. And it was. I'm standing non-returning. Not so much that on arrival. But that's the way. 1 and 2 times in my life. I didn't come here at all. Uh, what else are you here like this? Yes. So do we have any information? So it's prompting us to sign up, but that's probably not what. Want. Um, we're supposed to find the information. O. I'm going to put my whole thing in the dark. The exception to mandatory is not it. HM fractionation testing this nothing.     He enters the Slovak Republic over the age of 12. And that's for months? Who comes to Slovakia must register on this page. Z. That he registered there. Quarantine that ends. 10 days if we don't have the symptoms. No testing. Um. Experience. Our experience was that I've been looking for it for a long time. But I don't know if I'm defective or the site. As far as this document is concerned, so. I think it's good as it's written right at the top and man. That's where he actually sees the Rules, and I think it's pretty well written. Not even here. But there are still some countries at risk. AO could be speech therefore application where? For example, they go from abroad or they go from there from there or something. To tell them what they have to do without having to read these. Hey, 11 pages. So our next task is that we plan to come from the slogan in Slovakia. From abroad. We're supposed to find out if the arrival is, uh. Possible if so. What are the requirements for that arrival? Whether it is. Would that be? Men who are these countries? We're supposed to find if the arrival is possible at all. I don't see it anywhere. If it had been said here that it could not come to Slovakia from these countries.  Are. But somehow I can't find it here, so it happens to be such a very opaque done in this document. Because. A person really doesn't want to read that much text. Uh, in these main categories, I don't see it anywhere that it should be.  He wants to be partisan, yes. I don't see any of them. Okay, but I couldn't find it in any way. How I felt about finding this information. Was it like enough strofe? I didn't know where to look for it, like the most it could be forged that it should be in this documentary, but.  Whether it could be this.  Not then they come in Slovakia I am not vaccinated. Net. And we're not supposed to refuse to fill it in. Is this the information it's supposed to release? So they're seen somewhere.   Okay, I'll come, I'm coming from today. United States. So z. that united states. Add another country. And when I was on sale, it's kind of weird that it's like this. Personal data. Jom smis. Hey.  Whether. Okay, look, I'll leave it, and then the date of birth is here. 30. January 99. The phone number was it. Again. He's just coming. That it would go 123456. Well, I guess that's right now. EUR. Begging. 30. They will make it harder. I'm not vaccinated. Probably not.  Street. 1. There's a feeling, isn't it? It's expanding. Jesus in it. To prove that the data. So in the event of a positive test to protect you and your loved ones, will hygienists ask you for additional information? Can you help us if you voluntarily enter them already? Heard they're alive. You pushed yourself away in the place of isolation, so we 4. First and last name optional, I don't know. I don't know. I'm not, I'm not, he did it. Well, to get it. Hey. About the same mistake, right? That birth number. I guess I was entering some wrong. That primary way of contacting the person who fills it out. That is. I think that's okay. It'd rather be like that, wouldn't it? It would be filled in as if there were some, that the place would land the plane or something. But okay, I take it like I filled it out well until. 1 as a rule. Hm. When we actually arrive, he arrives in Slovakia. I don't think he's supposed to look for that anywhere. Should I look for it? I know, so actually the rules are that we should register at that border, but. 6 4 it is actually cancelled, so it is no longer necessary. When we are. Vaccinated, so we don't have to go into that quarantine if we are. I don't have to be vaccinated when we're vaccinated, so. I have to go to that quarantine, and. After 10 days if we don't have those. Uh, we can go there. Uh, before quarantine if. uh we are. They've been in touch with some person, so we'd like to have it somehow. Tell her. We need to do it. Describe. Like I'm filling out that form.  Uh, In Slovakia. Live ours is here. Affidavit. He wanted to tell me it was it.  We're supposed to send both forms, uh. Some fat going through his vaccinations to the doctor in our center. Um so this 100 that for those 3 affidavits, so normally I'd fill in the first name of the last name, the date of birth, and that's for 2 examples.  Um, so the house bubbling. 31 1 99. Uh, in Bratislava dormitory. My phone number. Oh name h so just adam bubbling my birth number email. Information on vaccination and vaccination to date. This is actually. Uh. In that adam bubbling even in the attempt they precede, so the rainbow should be connected to the previous ones for them have less places bubbling there bubbling. So I'm like, at 9, the real click-through. Hey, this one's the line. That's who I am. Also. I guess I did it, too. Whether. Um, the last thing I did was this. Good enough to be the higher number 3. So I'm going to. I did the register. That's what I said. I guess this is the last thing I told you. After being really vaccinated abroad, I'd like a dock. Uci steps therefore in Slovakia. Do I know where I ended up? Well, Uh.  So thank you for filling them all in. Uh, so we got some uh questionnaire? And we're supposed to say the answers out loud. We're not supposed to be able to do that. Otherwise, they'll know the questionnaire. Well, a fact of 19 percent will last. So I picked Janko. So we're supposed to actually describe it? Overall uh rating with that page. Um. Let's say we do. We'll give 4 though. Uh, it's more between 3 and 4. The problem is on that page, isn't it? Uh, well, at least I've been looking for that information long enough, I don't like it being there. An awful lot of text. If I want to find something. Uh. Another weird thing is that. He si this English version of the site enough things is there in Slovak, I refers to Slovak websites what? I don't think he should be. Speaking of English, everything. How do I get a tooth after getting information from the website. Um, I hope I did. He perceived, uh. Well, it matters, it mattered. Some of that information can be found pretty uh. Quick, but some of it took a very long time. I'd probably choose the foursome, too, but as far as I'm concerned, I'm eating. That if I used the site like I was using that site somehow more often I probably was here the second time in my life I don't know it anymore. So I'd learn where and how to do. Price. They know how I am. My level of self-esteem and that's how I can use it. Um, I think they were understandable. Uh, most of all, I think the understandable ones were. Uh, what were there to fill in 2 queries? That hollowness 2 forms. To finish the vaccination of that. I guess he was the most understandable of the task. The worst tazbu will probably be found. Uh, the information that from which countries it is forbidden to come to Slovakia, I did not even fulfill that, because I could not find it.  He's not.
           
   
    