OK. I am going to familiarize myself with the website, so first of all I see that this is corona.gov dot SK, which means probably corona. I mean it's it's pretty similar, so probably Corona. Not government dot Slovakia, so we're looking at the Slovakian government COVID page. First of all, I see that they put statistics like first and foremost and it's a daily statistic, so that's. Interesting, I wonder if it's automatically updated, probably.  I wonder where it's pulling the data from. Oh, it says it right there. That's interesting, alright, perfect. So I see the forms for vaccinated abroad, meaning it's interesting how we put. This first because it's a form of travel, not just like domestic. Statistics or domestic information. I always appreciate a good QikLink. I think quick links are very important. And it's interesting how they have. Information here with more quick links and they've itemized it. It looks like, Oh yes, this is a map of all the. Places in Slovakia. Excuse me. I'm not sure if there are provinces there, what to call them. But there's the vaccination information, which is very interesting, although. Here it's it's interesting to me because it's the first dose and then the third dose. I wonder if it's just like a translation thing. Or if they genuinely mean like the booster shot, but it would be, I wonder why they didn't put a second dose here anyway. Testing for COVID-19. OK I I like this. I like how they have all the places that you can be proactive or even reactive. If you think that you're maybe sick. They have a hotline that's interesting and then the useful apps. So I like this. I like how they have both Google and the App Store. Appreciate that. And then OK, cool alright I think I'm familiarised. Let's go to the next task. My initial impression is that it is a very informative and organized page. I appreciate how they have a search bar up here. And I like how this autistics are daily. I would maybe appreciate like a monthly statistic. But hey, that's kind of nitpicky. I get where they were going with it, and I appreciate it. It's very informative overall. Find the information about which region is. Like it has the highest number of total cases. OK so I. I'm going to go down to the quicklinks and see if it's there. Travel regulations border regime of slackia limited limitations for facilities and massive vents. Mask mandate. What does covenant? I already expanded that, so that's that's on me. Current measures travel and immigration right off the bat. I'm not really sure if I know where to find this. It might be in here. I cannot read Slovakian. So this is this is interesting to me. Uhm? Can I click on the map? Oh. Did I do something? Oh no, it's good, OK? It just freezes it when you click it. Interesting, so it focuses on to it get the data so I could go to a different site, maybe testing for COVID-19 digital pass. Yeah, I'm not really sure how to find this. Maybe? Back in the QikLink. So let's go back to the quick links and see. Vaccination registration it well, it just tends to be vaccination in testing. Limitations for facilities in the seven. It might be under there, but I doubt it. Close contact travel and immigration current measures may be OTP Regiment, workplace mask, mandate limitations for facilities. Huh? Interesting. Region Slovakia is the highest number, so it I bet you it's on this, but I'm not really sure. To read this so COVID. Yeah. Yeah, I'm not sure. I'll scroll up again and see if there's something I'm missing 'cause I feel like I am missing something big. Measures taken by the Government of Slovakia Republic to limit the spread of disease may be advanced. Statistics would have it. Number OK OK. Yeah, I feel like yes Oh yes, OK this is the right place. Interesting how it's not. Really a bold link, but let's see. So this one is just pretty much bright red. So it's got to be this one right. Whatever this one is. Bratislava How to spell it right on the border looks like interesting, yeah well no 100 and 2700 and 57200 and 37287. OK. Highest number of total COVID cases. Well, this is the growth right? So I'm not. Really sure this is what I'm looking for, but it says. OK, so this one, this one calise. Whoops, probably not pronouncing that right kolisch this has 328 cases. It looks like maybe if I'm reading this right so that would be. Oh, it's right here. Total number of cases, so it's this one. The Banska Bistrica region. Forgive my accent, OK? Text cask evaluate the comprehensibility of these statistics. So just from the map alone and how much I struggled with that one, it's. It's probably my fault on that one, 'cause I didn't Scroll down. But it it would, I would wish that it would be a little bit more clear. Maybe I had a right. Maybe it's the number of cases per day or per something. Overall this data sticks right off the top right here. These are interesting and pretty clear, so there's antigen test lab confirmed cases. Interesting because I like the division here. On most of the websites I've seen, evaluating COVID or with COVID statistics, it is just one number and it would be not PCR test specifically, but save 15,000 overall. So I appreciate that, and I think that these are very. Easy to understand, especially because they have it laid out in such a way. Number of persons vaccinated with second dose first dose. I wonder if there's overlap here. Probably right that 2.7 million is probably within that 2.8 million, although I would like to know. For sure, so that's just an assumption of mine, but overall I think the statistics are very clear and easy to understand, so that's important. Find the information about exemptions from compulsory home isolation after arriving to Slovakia. So this one I'm going to go back to the main page forms of vaccination abroad. Uhm, let's see, let's see. Close contact. COVID-19 positive prevent infection. Symptoms of COVID may be travel. Immigration that seems like it would have something there. Finding information about exemptions from compulsory home isolation. So exemptions, travel regulations. It would probably be. It's a PDF though, so I don't. I don't know if this is the right place. Probably not. I'll go through it anyway. Let's see people arriving in the Slovak Republic by air also. Aged. Unvaccinated persons after arrival from abroad. People with COVID-19 symptoms. They have to report the attending physician, OK? So I don't see. Maybe there's something about isolation? Probably be under. Uhm, vaccinated person. Vaccines are two dose schedule, at least 14 days after administration of second dose. Entry of vaccinated persons registration from the form. OK. Which I guess is the border, although I'm not sure the first registration is valid for the next six months. Let's see upon arrival, do not need to enter mandatory self isolation after arrival, so it's on this. It's on this link in this PDF. So find the information about exemptions and compulsory home isolation. I wonder if there's more exemption so I'll keep reading maybe. But just. Right off the bat. I think. Ah, here we are. Unvaccinated persons do not need to enter mandatory self isolation if they cannot be vaccinated for health reasons. If they have a permanent or temporary residence in the border. They are cross border commuters traveling to or from Slovakia exclusively for work purpose. They provide urgent care for close family. Persons can prove that they cross the border from slash to the surrounding states due to Land Management. They are covered by an exemption from quarantine case. In case of a performance of. Fashion. They belong to selected professional groups or it is in short term entry. OK, cool, so that's it. It's on that PDF right there. Describe your experience in navigating the exemption rules. They were pretty easy after I put together that it should be under travel and immigration, which is the drop down list that makes the most sense and then it makes sense that it would be kind of under the vaccination thing. I wonder if I missed any 'cause it wasn't just a specific. Subset, it wasn't a specific link like in the table content. See specific entry requirements for. There was nothing. Specifically there that talked about. The isolation I would have preferred like an isolation link if I was looking specifically for that, but I guess since there's a classification of vaccinated unvaccinated and there's that specific. Data set for that or that specific instruction set for. Categories it makes the most sense to kind of have it separated anyway, so that makes that makes sense. It was fine. You're planning to arrive from abroad to Slovakia. Find out whether the arrival is even possible, and if yes, what are the requirements for the arrival so. I'm gonna go back. To this PDF and I'm going to see. Is. There's anything people arriving in a Slovak by air. Uh. Or also obliged to fill in the passenger locator form. Passengers arriving from a country are not included in the list stated below. Maybe there's a better place to do this. Or maybe not travel and immigration. That's what I'm kind of looking at anyway, and that's what I'm looking for. If you're planning to arrive from abroad to Slovakia, find out whether the arrival is even possible, and if yes, what are the requirements of the arrival. So maybe there is. Ah, travel regulations. Wait, I'm I'm on the page I'm on that one so let me just continue here. If you if after arrival from abroad. So let me see the decree concerning border regime in Slovakia. We found here document does not serve as binding interpretation. Sure, cross border commuters and not really a commuter, but. People coming from risk may be that. Oh, I guess the US. So I'm from the US and I wonder if this question is specific to people. I'm just going to assume that it is specific to where wherever I am coming from, so this is the US isn't on the list, so I'm assuming it would be. Possible too. Go to the Slovak Republic. I wonder if it's not right. It's not a computer, it wouldn't be that, and I'm not a child. I am a student. But I don't think that applies here and persons traveling for diagnostic treatment that also doesn't apply, oh. Reporting their close persons to slash from international airports, that's not it either. Transit through Slovakia transit routes through Slovakia. It's not there. They would have to get to Slovakia first. So. It's gotta be here somewhere. This is mere trying to skim it, but not doing a very good job. People arriving in the Slovak Republic by air are also obliged to fill in the passenger locator form. Passengers arriving from a country not included in the list stated below needs to have a negative RT PCR test not older than 72 hours. So what are the requirements of the arrival? I'm guessing it's just fill out this form and I'm going to click on the form and see if it takes me anywhere. That I OK. So yeah, there's just a form of like. I'm going to translate it to English so I can fully understand OK where you're coming from. Your address, your information that makes sense. It's just kind of the basic form you fill out when you're going through. Anyway, and probably just again for the government, so I'm assuming that's what I need. I'm going to look a little bit closer to see if there's anything else I might need. The E border registration. What is that? I wonder if that's the same thing? No, it's not. Uhm, so yes, I was right. That's the EU border registration, so it looks like I would need the E border registration unless it's just a European thing, but I'm just going to assume that I'm going to need to fill it out anyway, so. It. Looks like. I am going to need to fill out this form that border registration and then look at the travel regulations which in turn tells me to fill out a different form from. For the government itself I assume. I felt that it was a little bit buried in a PDF. I like to have things quick and easy. I like to have things just right off the bat. I I just like to. Would be able to see things immediately and that's just kind of not what the PDF gave me. I'm sure if I had known that person is coming from risk countries or maybe. Uhm, uh, different cross border commuters. I wish there was just something saying, hey, if you're coming here, this is where you need to go and I'm sure I'm missing something. I always I feel like I'm missing something here which is interesting. Because I'm not sure if. Oh, it says it right here. I was absolutely missing something. So it. In that PDF that I was looking at, I just wish it was more concise and a little bit easier to just right off the bat. Say this is what I need and have a list format, maybe just something to make it easier. Like I said before, I really like quick links I like. Having information right in front of me when I need it and not searching for that information, but I understand how it's important to be detailed in every situation so. That you have to fill in the 800. So that you've order form that, you will have to fill after arriving to Slovakia from abroad to the best of your ability, you're planning to arrive by plane from the USA at landing in Vienna and then arriving to Slovakia. I'm not vaccinated. Do not submit the form in the last step, but I will not do that. I wasn't planning on it, only filling the information and use this information where applicable or make up your own. OK, I will make up my own, probably. Alright, let's go. To actually I can just do the border. That's what I meant to click on, so I'll do that. And then I'm going to see if this will translate for me. Maybe not let me try. Actually it's PHP, but I'm going to try something. Uhm, uh? Nope, it doesn't work alright. Cool so. I am going to translate this page adds another extension. I hope it works. If it doesn't work, I will try my best. Oh it worked. Great, I hope it didn't mess up the recording, but it's just going to be how it is I am from. There was, it was it was it was it? The USA, yes I'm from the USA United. The US that's interesting. Personal information. OK, this is probably first name. Do not submit the form. I will not John surname John John Smith John. Smith First number enter without slash birth. Date of birth is. Oh, ID is that. Or be I see OK. Oh interesting how your birth numbers. Maybe that's some like a Social Security number. I'm just going to copy and paste that I hope that's right, that's not right. Cool. That would make sense. 'cause I'm from the US, so that makes them. Friends date of birth January 30th, 1999 thirty. One 1999. Email address and phone number. OK. So tester@gmail.com I wish this form was in English right off the bat and I know that's kind of, you know, ethnocentric or whatever the word is. I'm pretty sure it's ethnocentric, but I just I wish I didn't have. Translator, 'cause I'm pretty sure I'm filling in the right information. It makes the most sense for it to be in this order anyway, but it's just interesting. Do I have to click continue or is that going to submit it? I think I have to click continue, right? Oh gosh, I hope I hope I'm not submitting it. 'cause that would be horrible, but let's click continue. I am not a vaccinated person, uh, I'm fully vaccinated person. Do I meet the conditions? What was the? And then you're right, you're not. Vaccinated do not submit the form OK, continue conditions for entering Slovakia strict and negative test test is not enough to enter the country if you do not meet the conditions for any of the exceptions you are subject to mandatory home or quarantine isolation. I have no exception for going through. Home I have no exception. Do I have? An exception, let me go back through the instructions. Do not submit the form in the last step. Only fill in the information. Use this information where applicable. I do not believe I haven't. Assumption here, so I have an exception that does not require a negative test result. I have an exception that require I have an exception that requires. OK, I'm assuming that I do not have an exception entirely. Complete the registration to order. You're sure that's that's Google Translate for you there. After entering Slovakia, it is necessary to remain in domestic isolation. Domestic isolation will end after negative PCR test. Sure. There and then health insurance do. Does it say probably not. Am I missing that? Nope. Alright, without insurance in EU oh that makes sense. Home ice insulation now isolation address. Uh, I feel like I'm missing something like is there just a regular way for it to be in English? Maybe, maybe not. Maybe I'm maybe I'm not missing that, but. City slash town. Selena Is this going to pull it up if I don't get the accent? Alright, get some search in. Guess I'm gonna oh. Address for home isolation St. Prove one post code. Towns Celina OK. Just going all the way down. Uhm, maybe not, maybe not. Oh wait, yes, I am going all the way down. OK. This is. Not great for me 'cause I don't have access. It's preloaded on my keyboard, but that's fine. That's fine. Uhm, scrolling. I probably missed it probably. What if I type in instead of? The sea. Alright, well I will. Hello there, got it perfect. OK I appreciate how it does that. That's saved me a lot of time. Uh. Is a. I'm assuming krivis St. And then the post code is 12345. Oh, maybe it's house. You know, I can make that part up, I'm just I'm going to make that part up. A house number we're going to be #4. I think short and then 12345. Permanent address of residence slinging same as home isolation. Probably just home isolation. Selection of preferred collection point. I don't have one. Yeah, I don't have a preferred collection point. Additional data in the case of a positive test in order to protect you and your loved ones, hygienist will request additional information from Hugh. Number of persons living with say 2. And then name and surname of General John. We have the same names now. And then I have no additional. We're gonna get this form and think. She did not fill it out correctly. That's fine. Google Translate I'm not going to submit this, by the way. I have read. Sure, I confirm it. Declare great so I filled it out. New task some of my experience with filling up the form. Well I am not sure if I did it correctly because it. Didn't automatically take me to English, and I didn't. Honestly, I didn't look too hard to see if there was an English one. I probably. Oh yeah, I should have looked harder. I keep finding things like this, but yes, I should have looked harder and now I have filled out the Slovakian. Great yeah, so my experience would have been a lot better if I had realized that the English thing was up here. But Unfortunately, this is not something I look at all. Time when I'm looking at information down here. So seeing this and also this, we call it Slovakian in in English, I believe I might be completely wrong about that, but seeing this obviously this isn't. A form four people speaking English all the time, but maybe a little language notation here. Or maybe like a globe or something would have made it a lot easier for me instead of. Luckily I have Google Translate. As an extension, but. Oh yeah, that was not ideal, so. Describe my understanding of the rules which apply. After arriving Slovakia. So it seems like I will have to isolate 4. I believe it's five days and also. I may have to notate where I'm staying, who I'm staying with, and then my practitioner and etc. My doctor, if there's someone who, if I end up contracting COVID. I have to make sure the government knows where I'm staying specifically and kind of what area I'm in. All the important stuff. And I will pretty much just have to stay put for five days. If I'm unvaccinated, describe your understanding of the rules. Yeah, that's that's pretty much it. I mean, after filling out the form, I just kind of have to sit and wait. As far as I understand. After being vaccinated abroad, you would like to complete your vaccination in Slovakia. What are some of the steps that you need to? Try describing out loud how you would fill in the forms that you find to apply for the vaccinations from abroad. So I remember seeing this. Applying for vaccinations from abroad there you go. Perfect makes it easy. So how to complete your vaccination series? Have you got your first dose? So I'm assuming. Completing means I've already gotten the first one. And after being vaccinated abroad, so I'm going to go ahead and see. Have you gotten your first or second dose abroad you want? Delete vaccinated goat out of this one. Download the information chart in the Good Faith declaration. Fill in the correct data and sign both the forms and submit the forms and proof of previous vaccination to the doctor at the vaccination center where you got vaccinated without prior registration. So. I would just need to do that and then how I would fill in the forms that you find to apply for vaccinations from abroad. So if this is going to make me gel, is this gonna make me download this? No it's a PDF. OK so. I obviously would put in my name. It's her name I would put in the personal identifier. I'm assuming that's. I'm not really sure what a personal identifier would mean, and maybe that's like a pronoun or. Maybe it's an ID number? Something like that, date of birth and then gender, cell phone number, health insurance address in Slovakia. That one doesn't even have a translation #8, so I'm not really sure what I should put there, but OK. And that number of dough. It is. Which for me would just be one. State Institute for Drug Control Code batch interesting. OK, so that would be like gotcha. So that information I can just find in my vaccine card. I've seen that before date and time of your vaccination. I'm assuming this means the prior vaccination and then my email address although. It might mean date and time. With my current vaccine. That I would like to go for. I'm not really sure right there. Their personal data is being processed for the purpose of providing health services. Providing this personal data is voluntary. And great, and it looks like I can. Check the box on here, but I can't fill out the chart online. Interesting, OK? And then good Faith Declaration which is. Dear. Not in English form except for one part. I may just Oh no, I'm missing that OK vaccine data vaccination and country. Conscious so this is like the vaccine card, but just updating it for the doctor that I'm about to give it to you. Evaluate comprehension regarding the steps required to complete a vaccination series. Seems easy enough. It's it's all right here. Have you got your first or second dose? Download these two things and then fill in the correct data and sign them, which these forms look easy enough except for number 8 on the information chart, but I'm sure I could give it to help if I. Filling that out with someone, submit the both forms and the proof of previous vaccination. Original copy to the Doctor and the vaccination center where you get vaccinated without prior register. So just bring him with you is what I'm hearing when you go to get vaccinated. Bring him with you and that's pretty much the same as it was here in the US, so that makes sense. It's. Comprehendible Next steps, you just submit him to the doctor. I believe. Yes. OK, put it on the task would like you to answer the following questions by describing the answers out loud. Also by selecting the number on the rating scale that best matches your answer. Please explain or do not refresh website during the questionnaire. Otherwise your answer is sure describe the sum up you're describing. Some up your overall experience. I'll give it a four. Just 'cause of that one, four. How did you feel about obtaining the information for the website? Uh, you know what I felt OK, I felt like I was always missing something but I I got. He did eventually describe how understandable information from the website was, and your level of confidence in being able to use information. It's pretty understandable. It's not completely understandable, but it. It was understandable enough a meaning I could get by and maybe make a couple of mistakes, but I could definitely get by and I'd get to the point eventually. 
