So I guess I'm supposed to get acquainted with this site in a minute, 2. I'm looking at the headline. Um, yes, so I see some statistics, then I'm going downstairs, it's something about vaccinations. Quick lines, good map.  Hmm, 1 impression is. Hi, it looks like. This page looks trustworthy. I'm clear.  Highest number. Metals tk isis good.  He was looking at the map. I'm a little confused about this because I don't know if I'm good, if I'm supposed to look for it in those advanced statistics. I mean, in those expanded statistics? Or should I look for it somewhere else entirely? I'm not sure now I'm even looking for it well, but that's how I look at the numbers. Uh, I see here some antigen test results for some media in seven days. Number of vaccinated. Their relatives and then. Map. Um, which might have an answer to that three tasks. Uh, the region will probably be. Maybe these 99, so in which region? Probably in bratislava.  No this is not this is a catch well beremed back, so the answer will be prešov region, because I look at the totalitarianism and they know how to 259404. That leads the Prešov region, this otherwise took me a little longer, but the big one didn't know that if I was on the good side at all, whether I was looking for it well. Maybe I'd change that and 2. Statistics on something else, if so.  I thought that when I saw on that map 190 that after 199, the Bratislava region would have the most cases. But at the end of the day, there's the table downstairs, so I might put it higher than I don't know, because I find it so important. Or maybe not. Otherwise, this subpage is understandable in itself, but the way I got to these statistics I didn't know if I was here well. But this page itself is good and that uh table at the bottom with those suggestions and this pickup message certain who is clear, it makes sense. The map is pretty clear, too. Jesus, I accidentally delayed what I didn't want. Sorry, I can't put it back. So I'm probably going to the next assignment. I take it that it is quite understandable, though. But it's pretty clear. I would give it 7 out of 10 8 8 out of 10.    So I'm going to put something on my head that's related to travel.  Still on the side.  This.  Oh, so it does not apply to citizens of about that region of about Slovakia. Uh I don't know, I think that's the answer in this 5 in the kuta answer. Perhaps the answer is that it does not apply to slovak citizens who. Who's testing, I don't know, I can't answer that. I don't know if I even found the right one. The right subpage to find the answer to that. Role. But, uh, this part of these things that can be unzipped with that plus is pretty, but especially in these things, it's already disappearing. If a person is looking for something like that with those exceptions. Uhd and 1 1 what I'm noticing these are these larger headings of a more factual genus and stuff and stuff. That's how vaccinations, the testing of the digital covid, these most files, and then when it's this one, it's so confusing that a person doesn't want to watch it here. If it's more than that, I don't want to watch it anymore, and it's so discouraged that I'd go somewhere else. This is so opaque, and especially when I'm looking for something specific, I don't even know if I was looking for it right. Maybe this if. It's that I think it's also that this way you can get this way if you're after you, and that's the right answer. But this would change somehow, because 1 what interests me are such big headlines and maybe it would be better to divide also into some such groups that have something in common date 1 such a heading for example travel and there it could be that travel to Slovakia from Slovakia similarly but I do not like this blue coffee clinker. If, and it's opaque, and I wouldn't use it, and I'd go get it done somewhere else. That is. Um, this was like that. It's harder to find, so I'm probably going to the next task. Uh. I plan to come to Slovakia from abroad. I'm supposed to find. Is that even possible? And if so, what are the arrival requirements? Okay, so I'm going from abroad to Slovakia. Register, so it's probably possible, but you need to register, so I'll try to click on it. Um, I don't know if I'm supposed to fill it out now. Or do I just have it? To describe it, I'd fill out my last name. I'd go some that uh, if I don't have a Slovak birth number, so I'd put some of my country from which I come. I'd fill in the date of birth, the e-mail, the phone number. It makes sense again. If I think I have to fill it out. For example, month 13. But it's good for us. So it's filled in from abroad. Uh. But the whole page was in English and now actually the game is in. Now I don't know if it's really been sent there, that I'm coming abroad. Well, I guess. I guess I'd just. Right. Or maybe, or this is already sharp. I've gotten acquainted. Okay, now if I click on send registration, I expect to receive some e-mail with others saying that I was registered as some other information. Uh, against that point 1 I'd fill in. R border and then. Uh. Then I'm still looking at it, whether there are any other requirements for it when I come to it, that if there's anything special, that if there's anything else you need to do. Or. Maybe this is how to wear masks, if I wanted to walk around somewhere or. Maybe this. What? Regime at the border. Um, I guess you just have to fill that line. Um, that's right. A little confusing, but it's not a task in itself, but I don't know if I'm going to do anything more there or I can go on so I'm probably moving on. Next, I felt like I was looking for information. Uh, this wasn't hard to find. Like I said, according to these big headlines, you can find out right away, and I like the fact that there was that signature. Uh, so I knew exactly that I was going to go register, so I hope I should have registered, only. I didn't know if I had to look for anything else or. Or it was all that the registration was enough otherwise it was cool and I didn't know yet whether to actually register or. Not. Fill the line. I'd get it on my own, it's not complicated at all. That's where everything made sense. I didn't have a problem with anything that I had to go looking for something specific right now, but everything can be filled in. Almost everything can be filled in. Uh heads, so when people know their birth number and stuff like that, so I didn't have any problem with filling in, AA there's still such an arrow back that if I made a mistake. Well, I can go back to say I'm not sure I ticked anything. So I can go back and then we can go on and those things haven't been erased anymore, so that's a big plus. I'm coming to Slovakia, I'm not vaccinated. Uh. I'm not supposed to send it. Surname forest. So I'm coming out of ZUSA.  Next, because I'm the USS first, and now I'm looking for the United States. Perhaps it would be easier if you could write there, and gradually only those that meet the characters that one writes there are already showing up. We're moving on to give birth on June 30, 2015. January 99. Ii mail tester. With a bigger eye. So. I'm not who I am, and? Uh. There is no need for this, because we are not vaccinated and, which is a document, it is also not necessary, nor can we continue it. Uh.  Žilina so? Hmm, she gave it a lot in the end, because I was expecting it to go back to the alphabet and that it would be somewhere in the end, but I guess we have to look for it. That is, žilina.  This is horrible, because by not being able to write in there at least that or some letters from that word and that's how to look for a district or that. It's not even alphabetically sorted, or it's sorted alphabetically. But there wasn't even in the end. There is already a district of Žilina. But. The district is.  And persuasion will be 1 2 3 4 5. In the next task, he has to evaluate the experience of filling out forms. So everything in that form made sense. It was also easy to fill apart from the city, which those cities here are not sorted even alphabetically. Or I don't know what they're ranked by, but. Maybe they're looking. Uh, if you want some city to the fullest and go here to look for this, and even this isn't going to be found there, like I was looking for that zilina. That's the way it is. That's probably how it took me more time to find that city than filling out the whole form, so. This is this scrolling with these cities might be that they'll all be well, but I'd say I'm going to start writing letters, etc. Only the ones that meet are shown. Uh what it says, uh, could you find it in seconds? Otherwise, the filling is fine and. Uh, it's a good thing that there are also these scientists who are fully vaccinated, or such information, that to make sure that we can really tick it off or not. Whether. Filling in cool except. Where the city is selected, it took me longer than filling out the whole other form.  Made a forward address where I'm going to be quarantined? Uh, it's. And those are some such general Rules besides filling that boundary and mandatory quarantine. Uh, it's here that all unvaccinated persons who enter Slovakia have to go to that quarantine, uh. Uh, without having any symptoms, she's going to end up on 10. If we don't take the uh-then test. Uh. These countries probably. Here in Slovakia, they are understandable. Only that letter from the countries. I don't know if he's meant like this. What's underneath? And these are the risky countries. That they must still have that certest, so I'd give it that it starts with Africa and ends with the same llama. Of those countries, they must have a r no older than 70 2:00.  Lady from abroad, I found this section quickly because, uh, it has this big headline, which is very clear against these where I could look for it. I probably wouldn't be sure if I was right anyway, so we'd be moving around and I'm going. Exactly according to this description, we want to finish the vaccination in. So this is what we have to fill out a form, and this is some information they should be. So an affidavit, so that's where I'd name, give my last name, last name, last name, date of birth, birth number, address. Uh, that's where I put. Also address such as street, house number, city country, then phone number with AE mail code. I'd fill that out there. I'd write what I've got. Uh, about the 1 batch date I got it? What country did I get it in? Then I'd read that I have to, that I agree that my data will be processed. And a statement that I put the data truthfully, I'm going to fill out the date and sign it. That's why it makes sense, and I'd fill out that 2 form, too. This must also be filled in. I'm not sure, but I guess so. So name surname as previously birth number, date of birth, gender. Health insurance company how? This is on the card of the insured person, so it is also to fill in the place of permanent residence code corresponding. I'd like the order of the administered dose, so I'd give that about 2 or 3. The code of the responsible doctor. That's where I probably wouldn't know what to fill out. And even here he the code, I wouldn't know what to fill in there either. Date and time of vaccination. I don't think I'm supposed to fill this out because I don't know, uh, I guess I can't choose any completely random date. I probably wouldn't have any of this, I'm not sure now if I should fill this out. So um. I'd probably fill it out, and to be sure, I'd. She brought it in and therefore it has to be filled in or scanned documents, information signed, honest. You're going to send us an e-mail, so okay, so I'd fill it out, but I wouldn't know what to put in that shock or the responsible doctor's code. And the date and time. Ear aha aha, I guess I know, that's all about. The one when he's vaccinated once. Ah, you can find all the information to fill in in your confirmation of the administered dose, which 100 have completed and well. So that's where I'd probably rewrite it from there, and that date and time, not when I want to go get vaccinated, but that when I was, okay, it makes sense. I'd tick that I agree and. That's about it. Uh, the next task, it has to be assessed, so okay, the fact that we made the statement was easy to fill in, and that 2 information table was at first it made me think it should be filled in up to date, but that has to be filled in by the way we were vaccinated, that is.  The ending makes sense and it was quite easy to fill in. It also says exactly what they need to send it to and what to send about it, so. Um, this makes sense, and it didn't take that long. What are the next steps after filling out the forms? Oh, so I would now scan these documents, that is, the signed affidavit, the information table and that confirmation. In a previous vaccination, I'd scan these 3s and send it to an email the steel is sk.  Worst of all, this is such an average experience. Some information can be found right away and some took me a while and some I didn't even know if I was doing well at all. So that's the average. How I felt. If I found out the information from the site, I'd probably give it sooner. Uh, threesomes, I'd probably give it, wouldn't I? Rather, it's a little bit for the worse, because some of that data isn't fully understood and can't be like when a person gets to it, it is. So it's easy, mostly to fill everything in when you don't work out, it's not easy to read afterwards, but the way to find the data, so it was pretty hard to do some things. They were um. Unreadable.
 