Spend one to two minutes familiarizing yourself with website. Vaccination abroad. OK, yeah, this is not translated. Look with past you. OK oh they used that. 9:00 AM to 7:00 PM so it is not in our time time format, nice. Yeah. Us Yeah. It's not so bad. I like this statistics. Statistics like. Diles And I and I don't like how how this these styles are placed, 'cause I think it should be. It should be. Much more like approachable. Maybe? Because that's vaccination and the border, it doesn't really, really make sense why it is it next to each other or. So, and this is really really. Long text. So. Yeah. Auto grow I. They. I seen worse websites. OK, next task. Find information about which region in Slovakia has the highest number of total COVID cases. OK, so. I'm looking for. COVID cases this is against. These sticks maybe? OK. COVID cases which region? There's number of total COVID cases. This just like PCR test or. Or 20 because it's my region. OK, I think that practice lava, is it? Oh Oh Interesting. Interesting. What's what's the? Different they like region is cry. OK. OK, so. The pressure is it how? OK, next task. Evaluate the comprehensibility of statistics. OK, like it's very very simple statistics, new cases, number of cases. I like this map. Although it's. Thanks Mike and this is English version of website so it should be. In English, but yeah. I still like the statistics. I think it's all. Why is this so small? Oh OK, I think I like it. It's it's nice, it's actually. Actually. Everything what you need. And again, test some. PCR test increase.  Many times and Oh my God.  Sanctions?  I know exemptions from quarantine for this person's OK, but this is quite old information is this. I don't know. Vaccinated person you want me to enter mandatory self isolation upon arrival to slow Republic? OK, so the person needs to be. Needs to be. Uh. Fully vaccinated Or or. This. So this is it I believe, so next task. Yeah, I'm really really surprised that it was this easy. 'cause I know that when I was looking for that on this website few months ago, it wasn't that easy. Yeah. But I don't like this this PDF thing. I think this should be here. On this website, not not somewhere else. 'cause I don't like that. It's very, very tiring reading so much text. So I would prefer if. I opened this section and all of the information were here right here, not in the in the. Right? So OK next task. Here are planning to arrive from abroad to Slovakia. Find out whether the arrival is even possible and if he is that the requirements of arrival. Huh? So. Oh my God dude, I screwed up. The. Last one Oh my God. So you are planning to arrive from abroad to Slovakia and find out whether the arrival is impossible and it is, but other requirements of the arrival. Requirements of the arrival. Person coming from a risk countries. No eggs. Chance. We took passing so you don't have to pass RT PCR test by. About you have to complete the floating day. Then you have to complete it after 14 day after entering the the territory of Slovakia. Yeah, it's the quarantine. It's 14 day quarantine in case if you don't have RTPCR test. But those are rules for these countries. I don't know if this is the task I should be doing 'cause. Yes. Full quarantine or isolation. Or if you are vaccinated then nothing. In some cases. Yeah, I think that's it. So I found that information in this horrible PDF. OK, I felt just like. And in the it's basically the same as in task 6 because I don't like that PDF very much. I know it's. Really complex, we discovered regulation is bad. They should like put it in here and not somewhere else. Yeah, I don't like that. Filling the registration letter. Full form that you have to fill after arriving to Slovakia from abroad. To the best of your ability, you're planning to arrive by plane from the USA, landing in Vienna, Austria and then arriving to Slovakia. We are not vaccinated. Do not submit the form in the last step. Only fill in the information. Use this information. Play. Or make up your own. OK so. Border registration 123456789 address for home insulation St and number post code. 12345 down gelina OK so. Just copy that. John. No USA. Happy. So when am I? When am I? Arriving here. ID. My email. And phone number. It's not the right format, so. Wow.  Or something? Very stupid way of searching. OK so USA and Australia is it. May  And this is for home insulation. This is really nice. Oh my God. Really. It is not nice.  May Another robot and I'm not going to send that. 'cause that's just a part of the task. So OK next task. Some of your experience with filling the form. OK, it wasn't that bad. It kinda told you what you have to do, but I don't like the search thing when when you have to. When you have to. Hide all of our specific letters with with blue sign and mcchain. And why can't I right there and not? And I have to write gelina. It's it doesn't make any sense, so that's that's really not good. But overall, yeah, nice. Describe your understanding of the rules which apply after arriving to. Like yeah oh OK. So if you are. If you are returning from some some country with high risk, you have to undergo a self isolation quarantine. But if you are returning from other countries that are like green so you just you can be fully vaccinated or you can. Sweet selection and. And undergo. RTPCR test. Oh Or you can have like exceptions like for bendler or something. So yeah. But you have to fail aranesa. If you are returning, if you are returning from other country and. Then if you are. If there are multiple multiple groups, so excited nothing or almost nothing. Unvaccinated quarantine test or something like that or there are some exceptions for specific groups of people. They think that these rules are. Very confusing and. It doesn't help that those rules are all written in this horrible 11 pages long PDF. 'cause it's very very. **** and boring, so I would prefer if all of the informations were here, or maybe they will. Maybe? Can be some subsections, so you can. And open only the sections which are applicable for you, because the PDF is. All at the same. Hello all at the same document, but. It's really hard to find something. After being vaccinated abroad, he would like to complete your vaccination in Slovakia. Other steps that you need to do, try describing out loud how you would fill the form that you find to apply for vaccination from abroad. Steps to do it right, describing out loud how you would fill the form that you find to apply for the vaccination abroad, or where's the form. Change registration testing registration. Vaccination. Forms for vaccinated abroad forms for personal vaccinated abroad to complete the vaccination against Slovakia. Get the declaration. Get the information chart. OK. If you would please days. OK, it's just now. So what I'm Information chart. And I would feel the. Vaccine name, date of vaccination, and country and I will check these two things and update in signature. I don't really. No. Does it mean here in the context of this form? But OK so information chart. Can I read I will? And we will. Put there my name and surname, but I'm confused why. In some forms its name in one field and some other and now it's it's in the same OK, but personally identify I would feel the date of birth. I would feel the general to cell phone number or health insurance provider. It is in Slovakia. Code so it's not translated. OK number of doses. I still institute for the gun. How would you know? The State Institute for Drug Control code. Match, yeah. Yeah, this time of vaccination and your email address. OK I will check those fields and there's nothing else. So yeah, I think that's it. But I'm not really sure what I'm supposed to do with this. It's just maybe I ignored some steps.  Applying for vaccination from abroad. Found I found I was looking for some next task. Evaluate your comprehension regarding the steps requires to complete the vaccination series. I would prefer if it was here like here on top cause. I, I firstly I clicked on this declaration and information chart and I. I don't, I didn't know what that meant. And after that I clicked on this menu also. Yeah. It's. I would I would just sleep. This is the positions of those. Manual and this links so yeah. What are the next steps after filling the forms? So yeah, I described it there, so I would submit both forms of the proof of previous vaccination Dr. Like the vaccination center where you get vaccinated without prior registration so. I wouldn't register for vaccine and I would go to some vaccination center which has the. Service of not. Would submit the forms there. OK, so. Go to the questionary. Thank you, you have completed all the tasks you would like you to answer the following questions by describing the answers out loud and also by selecting the number of the rating scale by the matches you answer. Please explain your decision. Please remember refresh the website during the questionnaire reauthorize will answer available loss. OK, so start. Describe and sum up your overall experience with the website. It's definitely not very good. Like I mean it's. Medium I seen a much worse website. This one isn't the best. It has very, very much. That's a very. Match problems but. I so worse so free it is. Is it OK now? Did you feel about obtaining the information from the website? Now, did I obtain some information from the website 'cause all of them were like on different links on this website? Is this website is basically just? List of other links for PDF's and so on, so. I don't. I didn't obtain those informations from this particular website. I obtained them from other websites, so it's still next question describe how understandable information from the website was and your level of confidence in being able to use the information. Those informations were Canada. And the. Double battle. Like in the in the PDF about returning from foreign country country. There are some. It's like December 2021 dates there so I don't know. I don't know if it's still applicable or not or. So free is it because. I don't know if the rules are still. Steel. Still applicable, I don't know. Thank you for participating in of the extension. OK, I hope I haven't screwed. 
