Correct so? Doesn't spend like 2 minutes for raising your so we do website. Alright. Not just duration. Distince station for PCR. Call central. Google Play. Keyboarder Talked.  Klinks blank and measures. True and immigration. How to print infection right? Good 19 positive question information chart. Alright, let's go next. Just grab your initial impression with the website. Uh, I think it's pretty, uh. Complex. I would say there is a lot of information here. Uh. But I would say everything is on this website for anyone. Yeah, I think it's very complex, but it's pretty, uh, informal for user like me. Yeah, I would say that. Oh, it's even registration at arrival here, right? All right. Yeah, I. I think it's it's cool, might be better, but yeah, it's. It's kind of OK, yeah, next. Find the information about which region is lucky as the highest number of total COVID cases. Oh it's nice total alright so. Where do I go? No. Advanced statistics. Probably. Uh huh. Crying appears to current map. Number of new cases in region. Boy, this might be fine. Total number of cases. Which one is the highest? Pressure region might be fine, might be looking good. Yeah, I guess that's it. Yeah. Might be dead. Railway, the comprehensibility of the statistics. Alright, let me just Google it for this. What does it mean? Alright, comprehensibility of statistics. Me. So what do we have here? Increase, decrease or no, no decrease, no increase. PCR tests. Yup, confirmed cases test LabCorp Front case is not good. Yeah, right number of patients in hospital confirmed but COVID-19. Number of COVID-19 associated deaths right. Seven day moving median number of personal excited with the first dose. Number, number of persons look side with the second dose.  Me. No, I'm sorry if the grass situation need a. Sorry. Need actions that our government. Has set right now, but yeah, I think it's it's OK. This statistics it's pretty informative. Everything we need is here. So yeah, I guess that's it. Right Fender information about. 'cause I'm exemptions. Sorry. From compulsory home isolation, after reviving Slovakia, let me just translate it this. Oh Alright. So go to home. Uh huh. Forms for. Control story. Current measures may be. Nope. Huh? Where is this? About exemptions. All right, let's have a closer look look. Limitations for no. That's not it. I've checked that already. Or maybe let me just click on this? Degree of limitations yeah. After after arriving to Slovakia, Oh my God. I'm so dump registration arrival. Exemptions. Where this could be? True, any immigration, right? True or regulations? Border regime. Generals. I'm I'm excited, I'm vaccinated.  Enter mandatory self isolation right if they are covered by an exemption from crafting. In case of performance of their profession, for example. Girls trans truck drivers from neural service workers during the transport of remains. These persons do how to prove a negative test result for going 19, nor do they have to register. A border I would say yeah, this might be. Alright. Wait, but here's home insulation. Oh There are no exemptions from grunting for these persons for the time being. But they say hear anything about. Person is coming from all right. This might be it. I would say this might be it. Next describe your experiences navigating the exemption rules. Uh. It took me a minute to figure it out. Uh, But I've I found it. I guess for for use. Like me it would be. Harder or I would say, uh, let's let's not pretend that I am normal user. But I mean the other users that might be not as skilled as I am in this. In this work with a computer, they might be. Matt, I would say if they were trying to find this information, but yeah. I get it I guess. But it was. It was kind of challenging, I would say. Next year planning to arrive from from abroad to Slovakia. Find out whether arrival is even possible and if yes, what are the parameters of the arrival. Uh, this is it, I would say. But I was, uh, yeah, let me check it. So it's planning to write from growth from whether I was impossible. Alright, so here are general pergolese. Uh. Man, this looks like. Diesels, like General Rose for it. Uh. Final arrival is impossible, and if yes, what are the requirements of the arrival right? Crossover gate fill in the passenger local. Locate the firm. Alright, so if I uh, if I'm arriving to slot into Slovak Republic by air, I need to fill in the passenger lockout or front. It looks like. Passengers arrived from a country not included in the list stated below. That is the list of a potential risk countries they may. Need to have a negative PCR test result not older than 62 hours. Alright, what's next Brussels? Older than 1212 years and two months of age revving slow. Register at the border and must be able to request it to show proof of regulation right? So I need to register to. E border.  All unvaccinated persons entering. Alright, if I'm not vaccinated, I need to enter self isolation, which ends in case of symptom, symptomatic curse and without testing called death day. If the state from uh after. Alright, yeah, if I if I have COVID symptoms I need to inform my, uh, physician or pediatrician. Yeah, right? Alright, next, how do you feel about searching for the information? I'm OK with that. I think I said that area also. Oh, I think it's recorded. That is on the first page where this. Information is most urgent. Uh, and if the, uh, people find this information, they find really find because it's on the 1st. Yeah, next filling the fill in the air. Importer. From after. You planning to arrive by plane? Yeah alright feeling. E border restriction arrival correct. And did you hurt them? So after replying to slow Q from to, the best of your ability you planning to arrive by playing from the USA or right United States. America landing into Vienna? Austria and then. And then arriving to Slovakia. Where where I can enter that? Add another country with it. The winner of Austria, yeah. You're not vaccinated, alright. Ah, do I chose this? It doesn't look like I have to order it. Do not submit the form in the last step. When I fill in the information used, this information very applicable. If ur name. John. John. It's miss. **** birth number. Yeah alright 123456. Earth. 13th January. January. I hadn't seen 99. Email pastorpastor@gmail.com +13456789. Address for yeah. Try it again, OK?  Little crooked number. Pretty entirely cut, don't know. What's wrong with it? Continue. What happened? Yeah alright. Vaccination I am not vaccinated or I do not make the conditions. Yeah, continue. I do not do I have? Do I have an exemption? I guess I don't. Yeah, let me check it. Huh? To the best of your ability. Doesn't mean that I'm not ill. Uh, I have no exemption.   River. House number one post code 12345. Uptown Where can't choose it? What's wrong with it? Surely not. I can't choose my hometown. A river. Street House number one. Post code 12345 alright. There was the do not submitted the form right next some of your experience with filling with filling the form. Uh. I guess it was OK. Uh, it was straightforward, I would say. Uh, maybe. Not maybe. I guess this is fine I I would say this residence address is pretty broken, I would say because after when I choose a city town I was I was looking at that this growing platform or how. How can I describe it? This rolling menu will. So we will be sorted alphabetically, but it wasn't. I don't know why.  Oh, so this was Canada. First thing but after. Selecting the view in a town, it was alright. It also filled in automatically the post code, so I guess it's OK. Uh, and the other. The other forms that were previously before this. Were fine, I would say.  It was everything that was needed. Describe your understanding of the rules which apply which apply after arriving to Slovakia. Alright, so. This depends on the on the. Under information whether I am vaccinated or I'm not vaccinated because it depends. There are specific intro quirements for. These kind of, uh, situations and also it depends on whether I am a in the special category of people that are. In what was that in working with trans or something like that? Whether I need to or I don't need to enter mandatory self isolation? And yeah, I would say it's much like. There is also always form of countries from which null test is required. So that means these countries are safe. I mean, I mean, say that I do, I do not mean I do not need to show my code test. From these countries, but there are also countries that are that are risk countries. So I need to show my code test. I guess that's pretty much it, and if I'm a positive I need to stay in South mandatory. If I'm not, I'm good enough, I would say. Yeah, I would say. After being with estimated growth will you would like to complete your extensions like? What are your steps that you need to do? Try describing out loud. How will you feel the firms to define to apply for which? Vaccinations from abroad. Alright alright let me. Alright, let's go back. So. Huh? A blank for a vaccinations for wrote this looks like it. Who got your first or second dose abroad and you want to Get full access and go to Canada? Download information chart and good faith declaration for fill in the. Kirk Data signed book to both forms. Alright, let's go. Health insurance provider address. Number of doses. State Institute of Project Control code bench. Did in time of fixation and email address so. Uh, I understand this that I need to fill in two forms. The first one is where I. Uh, where I enter my personal information like who I am? What is my? Doctor and something like that. What do you see? What is your next? Uh, all right some. Yeah, this is this looks like nothing. Just an information that they are working with my personal data. Yeah, right, that's understandable. And so this is the first chart I need to fill in and the second chart is. Good faith declaration. Oh yeah, that this is something that I was vaccinated. Seriously? Uh, and I need to fill in. What was the name of the vaccine? I just got a date of vaccination and the country where I took it and I can select here if I took only the first dose or the 2nd dose or even both, I would say I'm not very sure about it right now. But yeah, I. That's that's pretty much straight forward and again something that I have read. The terms and conditions of privacy. Yes, not like that. Yeah, that looks fine. Right evaluate your comprehension regarding the steps required to complete a vaccination. If I had a comprehension regarding the steps with correct complete series. Yeah. Oh Mangus I need to. Read it. Uh, please? Old scan comments. After that data is very strong. You can apply for the EU digital code certificate, right? I guess I am. Let me just think about it. Start the next steps after filling the forms. Alright, well let's let's look. Or it was a? Something the birth forms and the proof of previous vaccination to the doctor. Uh.  Come in both France and the proof of previous vaccination to the doctor at the vaccination center where you where you get questioning without prior registration. Only the dose given Slovakia and its obtainer go to. Uh, gonna go on quick. Alright so after that I need to submit and. Submit both forms and the proof of previous vaccination and then I need to visit the doctor at the vaccination centre. Where I get where I can get a where I can be vaccinated without prior registration? And after that they give me the next uh, next, uh. So what was it? A work session? Yeah, Siri? Right, go to the questionnaire. Thank you have a complete autotask we would like you to answer the phone question by describing. Uh, do. He answers out loud and also by selecting the number of the vertex care that best matches. You ask, please explain your decision. Please do not refer to website during the question or otherwise your answers will be lost start. Describe and sum up your over experience with the website. Alright, so. At the first glance, it looks it looked complex, but I guess it's there is everything I need to know and I need to. Adapt sometimes there are maybe occasional cases that I did did not spot. Like, uh, when I was looking for the what was it, uh? Vaccination for no no, it wasn't. The vaccination from abroad, but I guess the uh, exam exemptions from the abroad when I arrive or about self mandatory home insulation. Yeah, uh, so I would say. Free. Yeah, I would say free. How did you feel about obtaining the Reformation from the website? Uh, I guess for girls I think I need yeah for looks fine. Describe how understandable the information from the website was and how your level of confidence in B. You able to use the information. Oh wait, I'll describe how understandable in the information from web servers and your level of confidence in being able to use the information. Uh. I guess for I guess it was really understandable. There was nothing that would. Uh, surprise me. Yeah I would say 4. Thank you for participating, no problem. 
