Okay, so it's saying task number one. Spend one to two minutes familiarising yourself with website so we're looking at. The Slovakian Slovak republiccorona.gov. The page. Um Texas pretty clear it's saying it's the coronavirus in the Republic information and important up to date information about the disease. Images taken by the government to improve disease, but some days statistics. In Number ports to PCR test? Total number of hospitalizations increase in people fully vaccinated and increase in deaths. Um, and then there's some stuff about. Uh, people who have vaccinated abroad who want to travel to the back. I think it's saying or it's saying, if you've been vaccinated abroad, you can fill in this form to. Complete your vaccination to get a Slovak vaccination certificate as well, then there's. A bunch of lengths. Our measures travel immigration since the coronavirus how prevent it? What do positive and what to close contact? And then there's. There's some stuff Slovakian and a map of what I think Slovakia, but it's all greyed out. Ohh she was meant to be colour coded but it it looks all grey. And then there's a thing of vaccination, registration, and a I think registering your travelling across. By the way, to cover tests, and there's a. Which digital covered paths?  Okay, I think that serving a concealed this page at least let's go next task. Initially it seems pretty clear, yeah, I mean it's translation. Pretty pretty readable English. Most of the um. It's pretty clear to understand. It's it's you can't understand what all the buttons are for except for this. Right out mate. I'm not entirely sure we're meant to be, especially because, um. The text in Slovakian, so it says COVID automat? Not service staff. He would automatically. Was afternoon. Platini Ode 25 Eleven 2021 and then the map is just all grey, so I'm not entirely sure what that's about, but the rest seems pretty clear and easy to follow and seems pretty useful. Find me information about which reading pack is the highest number of total code cases. Ohh, I suspect rats found map which is all grey. Okie dokie um? And then try checking out and clicking on. Roznovan The screen seems to frozen okay. Uh, how do we do this? To compete with talking to you this map, which I was talking about first, which is the covered automat? Which means COVID automatic map. But it's just all greyed out and. Clicking regions doesn't seem to do anything, I'm just freeze it. Okay, now I've clicked the link. I'm not sure you can see that because it's in a separate tab, but um. It's opened the page, which is all in. In Slovakian, and has a search bar, but I don't know exactly what that all that's saying, so I think I'm just going to leave that. Yeah, unfortunately I can't find out the region because. The, um, the map seems to be broken. All these installation. I don't understand that, so I'm afraid I'm going to get to the next task. Evaluate the comprehensibility of US statistics right? Well, this not just aren't very comprehensible, but the the days. This is a very clear and very easy to follow, so I'd say.  Close to six, which I'm I have here and I'm moving my cursor around. Very clever, easy to follow. This covered automate, which is she was MasterCard at some kind of statistics. Not clear at all because I have no idea what it's doing and I it doesn't seem to work and I don't understand the language. Unfortunately, the automatic translation doesn't need to work for this precise figure, so I don't know what's going on there. Finally, impatient exemptions from compulsory home isolation off arriving to Slovakia OK. Quick links it's true. That's trouble immigration. Travel regulation boardroom Slovakia. Listening okay, this is still sharing. I share this type instead. OK, hopefully you can see this travel regulations border regime of. Slovakia. You need to have had a negative PCR test. You have, if you're on vaccinated you self isolate. That's naked person's preferential problem. Okay, if your rights makes you don't need to monetary self isolation, which I assume is the answer to the question, let's go back and. I think it's showing both tabs. Hopefully you can see both. Okay, well it says exemptions plural, so only other exemptions if you've actually that's one exemption. Um? If you're on vaccinated. If your marks me, you can end it after five days by tending the negative PCR test. Um I. Ohh did not need okay so examples. Or unvaccinated? Or, if you cannot be vaccinated for health reasons. You have a permanent or temporary residence in board areas of neighbour state. Without 100, so kilometres from local border crossing to a territory with Republic and our assistance Republic, so have you. If you live nearby, you're crossing water. You perfectly, only temporary. From any place you can, but you need a negative RT PCR test. Or you're commuting? Sport or? Even you also get an exemption. Uh, there's a bunch of stuff here which is in Sterling Slovak which I can't understand. But you need a negative. Keep your top result, no order seven. Ohh what. Ohh God is going slow like let's go back. Okay, that's better. I think I clicked our hopelink there.  Okay, I'm back where I was, um. The unit of your travelling again you need to have a PCR test. Not all of them. Seven days you're providing urgent care. If they can cross the border, just a Land Management. Land must be working with technology from the border of the Slovak Republic. I'm not untouchable that mean. Does it mean that you? Um? Managing land lies across the border. Say you were managing in a state or a farm which straddles the border of the local problem might be allowed. And they're not next emption is if you're exempt because of your profession, such as airline cruise truck drivers. For funeral service, broken transport remains. Well, so far we don't need to have an exit test of Code 19. Um, if you have a.  Attending a funeral. You have the same and it's another 72 hours thing. You need you so you need to have a a negative test. No older than 72 hours. Uh. There are selection ends when I'm on nights making them to the household ends. Ohh And you're a full time student. You don't need to undergo quarantine, um? If you have permanent residence in the flow of exemptions here. If you have a permanent resident to a slave Republic. And you're a student and your Scotia or university student? Ohh, you're a member of a. Sports Club in the area and have a confirmation from the content institution. Then you don't have to quarantine. You're staying for more than 12 hours. I don't know what it means by close persons. But if you follow the rules listed here. To to the airport and you have to cross the border in order to get to the airport. Then that's fine. From you follow these rules here, so no stopping except to refuel or drop the person off and you're travelling in the EU.  Where is. No better Slovakian. Which I don't understand, but I think there's translation here. It's saying transit routes and you're transiting through the country. It takes no longer than 8 hours. You don't need to roast or isolate. Um? It seems that there are some very designated routes you have to follow if you're doing that right. And that's the end of that document. So I'm closing this tab and going back and going to the next task. Uh, it was. It was been my experience not getting it was broadly fine. You'll have a pretty detailed. You can. What I'm doing, but it's you find the document on the um. Quick links. I think, no, it's on the travel integration here and then just go to travel relation to PDF. You can read through so that one that one particular to follow. It's pretty easy. Cost #7 If I'm if I was planning to rival, is that even possible? And whatever requirements on a roll, right? So I'm going to go back to travel and immigration, but I think it is possible. Because I am vaccinated so. I just need to register. For vaccinated person. I. I would need to quarantine. I would need to prove it by a. And the EU digital or I think I have a UK one which would which would fill in the stuff of that. And most delish would be fine and it has a QR code. So yeah, that's true. If you're unable to prove. But as foreign can prove. I'll be writing by air, uh, and. Okay, listen country to which no test is required by uh. I would need a test. I need a negative PCR test, don't node and 72 hours. I think that fills in. Uh. Where I wasn't showing the time that I was looking at for that, but I was looking at um.  Look looking through this document again, you can see you can hear it. I'm looking. I'm just reading stuff aloud as I look at the sort of vaccination person regulations for that. So let's go back. I'm just gonna close that tab next task. It was fine again. You just go to the PDF and look for relevant branch so that didn't look too bad. The question was how did you feel about searching the information? Okie dokie Um? No no no no no. Uh, what I say tomorrow? And I came from. The United Kingdom. We are. Brain Bruno and Brazil Bahamas. Would it be under ingrand? Uhm?  On I'm not entitled to what it means by identification number. But you've given me one here. I don't know what advisor or something. I don't know what an ID number would be. We don't really have ID numbers in the UK, but. Never mind, go to prefer to January 1999. Who won 19? You wanna dress? Uh. Tester@gmail.com Uh, I don't have an exemption. Do I no, I don't have an exemption. Town. Counselling. Just going to the bottom. No, apparently not. My coffee had a cross that might work. And you can see both times, but here we go. That's to work now. I think probably because I can't do the little hassle St and number Provo one. One post code is 12345. Agress No problem, wasn't till like you Mr. John Smith is coming from abroad so we don't think is addressed the lack here. OKI don't do I have a preferred pickup point. I I don't think I have a preferred pickup point. Um? Red actually read it. I'm not going to. Could it not true? Ohh so what's yeah okay. Well I've read it I'm not gonna submit it cause it says don't submit I don't wanna tip the boxes it's all true so cause it's not true so. Gonna go next task. Some of you are feeling informed you got close this. Ohh this is bad. 
