 Hmm. OK, I I see that there is there. Is this information on the orange in the orange box asking if I'm traveling to Slovak Republic. It's somehow. Well I can. It it it draws, uh, draws my attention because of the color. I can see that I can. I can click. The button, the button, and it will probably. Go to another website. Hmm OK. There are some statistics about the coronavirus cases in Slovakia. Umm? I mean formation about. Vaccination. Some declarations if if you are from abroad. Links which. Ohh which maybe I would like to. You'll click if I will be traveling there or leaving there. And would like to gain some more information. Umm? Hey, I see some. Some. Really frequently asked questions with answers. I hear it's something in in Slovak, so I'm I'm not sure what does it mean.  Hey. The registration to vaccination registration for test. I guess it's. All in all, pretty simple and understandable. Maybe except this this short information in in Slovak. Everything is visible there are there is a big font so I can read everything easily. I can also. I can also click easily on on things. There are no pop-up ads which which sometimes. Mess up with with user experience, uh, so. So I think that only. Oh yeah, I have a. I hope I have a good experience. I it makes a good impression. UM, like I said, big big fund. Everything visible. Also the the colors circled. So it's it's very easy to read and and really information. OK, find the information about which region in Slovakia has the highest number of total COVID cases. I am OK. Maybe it will be an advanced statistics. Great, maybe uh here. Or in that few years he's never public in map. OK. So. So it will be Bratislava and yeah, here. I would probably need to to do it like this to to see the whole information. Again there, there's information in in Slovak on the on the map and not not in English, which. Might be might be a bit confusing, but all you know. I think it's it's easy to find information since it's like with like most of the maps. The more of something is. Replace the darker the color gets so so it's quite easy to find this information. UM? Evaluate the comprehensibility of the statistics. OK, let me let me just check that. What exactly? It means. Umm?  New cases were registered in each region today, so so yeah, I would say it's it's quite easy to understand. Back here. Uhm? Patient had growth. Forms a person vaccinated liberal. OK, so vaccine broke to complete their vaccination in Slovakia. So I think this is this is not what I'm looking for. UM? Vac. Let me check. OK, so here are some generals for arrivals from abroad. Umm? And so here is the information that all unvaccinated persons entering the territory of the Slovak Republic must enter self isolation, which ends in case of asymptomatic cause and without testing on the 10th day. So this is the general rule that. I'm looking for some. I'm I'm looking for some exceptions so. Umm? And. Uh, if, uh, if a person is vaccinated, they don't need to enter mandatory self isolation. Umm? Describe your test #6 describe your experiences navigating the exception rules. OK, so these these PDF were, uh, we've traveled regulations is also pretty self exploratory. I can I can see that there are some generals, maybe UM. Maybe it would be. The. Better I I don't know if it's the right word, but uh, if if the exceptions, uh were pulled right behind the the general rules because you need to scroll. Uh, scroll a bit to see, but it's it's not a big problem. UM, it's on the third page, so it's not that that far away from the first information and also. Uh, it's in bold and in the fund is in other color, so it's easy to find, so I think it's also. Yeah, it's it's quite. It's quite easy to find. It's easy to understand the their the the like the. The sentence is put in in a pretty easy way to understand and I, I mean that I've looked for. Similar similar websites of other countries. When I was traveling during during pandemic times and it's not always that self explanatory, so I appreciate that this is just a simple simple sentence and it's it's just easy to understand. OK task #7 you are planning to arrive from abroad to Slovakia. Find out. The arrival is even possible and if yes, what are the requirements of the arrival. So I think I also look for the information. In the PDF travel regulations. So so yeah, so I need to check if it's if it's even possible and what are the requirements. It's also I, I guess it's it's possible things since. I already read there are some. There are some regulations. So so yeah, I guess it's possible that under under certain circumstances. I'm sorry, just need to plug my. The computer a laptop. OK, so.  Ohh So here are the. Information for arrivals. So I guess arrivals are accepted. But yeah, there there are some rules. Uh, so you need to register on the website. I'm I'm right right now. At UM. Uh, they need to, uh, I. I would need to if I wanted to go to Slovakia, feel the passenger locator form it's linked here. OK, and there there is some list of the countries. UM? Which from which people need to. Show the the negative, uh, results of tests. OK, so in this case, uh, what are the requirements? So I I would need to check if my country well is on the list and and. Check whether whether I need the test or not. UM? Hmm. So if if someone is unvaccinated they need to self isolate. OK, so actually I see that even even here I could. I could see the exception from the self isolation because it's already in this sentence that these are unvaccinated people, so. So that implies. That vaccinated people don't need to self isolate. Hmm OK UM. Umm, OK. So. I I could I could travel. Umm? So I would be considered fully vaccinated persons since I. Since this applies to me. Umm? Hey so. Registration might be filed before. Simple the so. OK, so I would need to to fill the registration form. I wouldn't need to isolate since I'm vaccinated. I have a. I have a certificate.  OK, if I would be traveling by. Umm? Help me to to fill out. Home. Neutral, uh, well it was. It was easy to find, UM, the PDF. The PDF, uh? Is. He's made in a good form, and I mean. That, uh, it's it's easy to find. Find information when you are just, uh, browsing through it. It's divided into certain sections so. So yeah, for example in this section I can see a vaccinated person what what they need to do, what? What applies to them? And then I can see another section called unvaccinated person. And I know that I don't have to read it because it doesn't apply to me. So it felt OK. It it felt like I don't need to. It's not hard to find an, uh, to find a piece of Informa. In which which applies for me. Test #9 fill in the afghanica registration of arrival form that you have to fill after arriving to Slovakia from abroad. To the best of your ability, you are planning to arrive by plane from the USA landing in Vienna, Austria and then arriving to Slovakia. You are not vaccinated. Do not submit the form in the last step. Only fill in the information. Use the information where applicable or make up or make up your own OK. Umm? OK, so since in this scenario I'm not a vaccinated person, I'll just briefly and I informed the USA so I have to look at it from another point of view. So let me just. Check what an unvaccinated person has little registration because self isolation. By yourself, OK? Which test is not required? I'm from the USA, so the test is not required. Umm? So so now I'll hmm. I feel I feel the form. Registration At arrival, OK OK so. No, this is vaccination. This thing which is OK, let me just look for it. Again.  Umm? OK. Uh. So I I guess that's that's it. You borrowed the registration. Let me click it and. Ernica OK, so this is this is the right. The right website. OK, I don't know it's us OK, so I see that this. Then China saw let me change it to English. Hmm OK, so let me just check the information I'm arriving. From US OK landing in Vienna? Maybe it changed something? OK, enter the country and date of arrival in slow. Yeah, OK, let me just check. If there is certain information about the time. And that's not exactly clear. Me if, UM, if I should put here United States of America or. Austria because I'm I'm landing there, so technically I'll I'll be coming to Slovakia from Austria, but. Yeah, I'm I'm not not. Brief. If it's if it's right, but let's let's say I'm arriving from the US I I think it it should be the country I I come from. If if I'm not staying in Austria for a longer time, if it's just a short landing and then going straight to Slovakia, I think it doesn't really matter. But I'm not sure if personal information foreign name.  Umm? First name or just name? So yeah, and surname.  Indication number, so I'm not, uh, Slovak. So yeah, maybe see here. So OK just 123. OK, good date of.  So it can be. Made up email address phone number. With which you arrived from abroad. Enter also an international prefix I I don't know what's what's the prefix for the last numbers. Enter the phone number again. Enter the correct number and maybe there just. Copy This one, although it doesn't. Look very slow, but maybe I just put the match many numbers. OK. Continue. And now vaccination against COVID-19 who is fully vaccinated person? What is a vaccination certificate actually? I've already read this information in the PDF, but yeah, I think it's it's useful. Thankful that it's here just to to make sure. They're talking about the same thing, especially since even in within the USA different countries have different regulations and. Yeah, the the they in different places. They say that the certificate is valid for different amount of time so I think it's very useful but in this scenario I'm not a vaccinated person so I'm just putting this. Yeah so. Conditions for entry to Slovakia are strict and negative test is not enough to enter the country if you don't qualify for any of the exceptions you are subject to mandatory home or quarantine isolation please. So this is good because I can see. OK, I can see that there. This is only. A Slovak, I think. Let me just check check again. OK, so if I want to see hmm. If I click. Click this overview of exceptions. I I'm on the website which is only in Slovak which is not very. Helpful, hmm, but Yeah, I I guess. I don't have, uh, I not fall under any exception circumstances. I can, I can also check it, uh, here on this on this PDF. Since I I haven't read it very thoughtfully and carefully, especially when it comes to this section of unvaccinated person. Uhm so yeah. Unvaccinated person Or they have a permanent or temporary residence in the border areas of neighboring state within. 100 kilometers from an open border crossing to the territory of the flag public, and there are citizens of this and our citizens of the Slovak Republic. They must demonstrate the negative test result of all their than seven days. Uhm? OK, so I guess that doesn't apply to me in this scenario as well. They are cross border commuters traveling to from Slovakia exclusively. Uh, for the work purpose. OK, so this is also, I think not. The in this scenario they provide. They provide urgent care for close family members in the territory of neighboring state. Our entire Slovakia from a neighboring state for this purpose. OK, so I guess this or maybe just check I was just check to. 100% sure. Hmm. OK, so I guess there is. There is no information in that task. What, uh, what is what is the reason of of my travel so? UM? So yeah, I guess I just. I'll just. Hmm, teak. That I have no. No accept, I am no exception. OK, so let me click continue. Complete the the registration. After entering Slovakia it is necessary to stay in home isolation. OK, that's. Uh, understandable things. Since I I've marked that I am no exception to this home isolation end. After the negative P MCRS test, you will be ordered no earlier than the 5th day after arrival from abroad. The first day of isolation is the day after crossing the border. If you arrive for example on Monday, the first day of isolation counts from Tuesday, OK. Health insurance company. Umm? They. Umm? Let's say I don't have a health insurance in the EU residents understeering self isolation. OK, so there was some address provided here so. Too many tabs open. Uhm, OK. Postcards already here, that's good. Address same as the resident center is doing self isolation. Hmm OK, I no permanent residency in Slovakia since I live in the US selection of the preferred pickup points, Umm?  Yeah, I wonder what? What they mean by the pick up point? But OK, I do that. Let's say I don't have a preferred pickup point. Well, I I just. I'm just wondering why they would want to pick me up just to to do the test or. Yeah, it's not. It's not exactly clear for me in this this this point. Additional data. In case of a positive test, in order to protect you and your loved ones, the hygienist will request additional information from you. You can help us, but by entering them voluntarily now. Uhm, he number of of uh persons living in or staying in the place of isolation. OK, so let's say two name and surname of the General practitioner so. I assume. That General practitioner is is like a doctor, but yeah, let me let me just quickly check. Uhm? Conditional information OK, I guess I don't have to. Confirmation I have read the privacy policy, so let me let me see. OK so this is some information in personal data protection. So, uhm. OK, I guess this is. They're with personal data protection, so it's just a regular information that they're processing my data. So let's say I have read it. I certify in the cloud that all the above information is locates so understandable. UM? OK, so uh, I I get that this is uhm, uhm, this is pretty usual thing capture. Yeah but but I wonder if if it's not possible in the English version to also provide English translation. Here I guess it's not a big big problem because probably most of the people are familiar with with CAPTCHA. Uhm? Yeah, but uh, just just, uh, just a thought and I'm not submitting it since it's all fake information, so I'll keep it open in case any other task provide in any other system will be needed to to look through it. But let me just click. Yeah, the next task. To sum up your experience with filling the form. OK so I have I had a good experience with filling the form all. I guess all the questions were. Like easy to understand, maybe except the one with the pickup point, because I. I didn't really know what they meant by that, like what kind of pickup point are they gonna pick me up? To do the test or to. Well, I I, I assume it was it, but uh, I I would like to to have some more information in this point. For what would that be a pick up etcetera? Just to be just to be sure all the other questions were pretty like regular regular? And yeah I would. I would expect this kind of question in this this kind of question. So there were no surprises except this pickup point. This could be your understanding of the rules which apply after arriving to Slovakia. So. I guess these are quite standard rules, so if you are vaccinated you need to show that the proof that you are vaccinated. The proof which is like legally considered. Be approved if you are not. You need to isolate and then you need to. You need to take a test. UM? Yeah, I guess this is these are the the basic. The basic rules. Also it your situation depends on not only whether you are vaccinated or not, but also on the fact where you are from this PDF. The release of countries from which you need. Hmm, I proved that the you need to show the test. The negative test results and from some countries you don't have. So so yeah, I guess these these are the general rules. OK. Test #12 after being vaccinated approach you would like to complete your vaccination in Slovakia. What are the steps that you need to do? Try describing out loud how you would. The forms that you find to apply for vaccinations from abroad. So yeah, I remember there was some vaccination abroad, yeah? Here are some some pieces of information. What are the steps that you need to do hmm? OK, so let me see the declaration OK, it's. Uh, so good faith declaration. Information on previous vaccination. Umm? Your personal data has been encrypted, processed hide the understand how things are treated. The following information provided is correct and that I'm aware of the legal consequences for making a false statement. Hey, uh, print out the following good five declaration and give give the signed original to your dog. And being vaccinated. Uhm, OK. Hmm. Ohm. How to receive OK? UM, so this is the declaration I need to, UM? I need to print out and and fill out. I understand and information chart. Uhm? Name and address in. Wake up.  OK, so. Some more information about my situation, all the information needed to fill needed to fill in the chart. You will find the certificate of vaccination received in Slovakia when being vaccinated. OK, sometimes some conditions. Umm? OK. So I I guess that I need to. Below this forms. And Umm. OK, and try to describe me out loud. How would you feel the forms that you find to apply for vaccinations support? OK, so let me. Let me. Just see the forms again. So name and surname. It's pretty basic personal identifier, so I assume this is, uh. Your number. Number number of. Maybe? Of a personal document. I I'm I'm not, I'm not quite sure in this in this case, but I would probably put this number or like in Poland we have we have. Everyone has a unique number given at birth, so maybe maybe also something like that, but I don't know if it's.  Like international thing that that would be also considered important information in the countries, but maybe date of birth. OK, it's obvious gender. It's also obvious cell phone number. It's also obvious health insurance provider name and code. Umm so yeah, I I wouldn't know what to put in here but. Because. Uh, we are. Well, we have insurance provided by by the government so. So we don't buy like specific. Insurances have So I don't know, but maybe it's. In, in each case it's it's different name and code like I. I'm not sure about this one as well, others in Slovak. So I I assume that address of the hotel or Airbnb I'm staying at. OK here there is no English translation so. I think it's yeah, it's it should. It should be because it's.  It's for I don't even know what what does it mean and I'm Polish so so it's not that. Uh, different, but from someone from the US it would be probably even harder. A number of doses. OK, so it's it's also pretty easy to understand if I had one or two state Institute for Drug Control code, I have no idea. What that is? But OK, maybe, but yeah, here it was information that all the information needed to fill in the chart you will find in the certificate of vaccination received in Slovakia when being vaccinated. So I assume this is the certificate. I need to fill out once I'm already vaccinated in Slovakia. So I would be provided with all the information if I'm. Correctly understanding all this. But OK, OK, let me just look for all of this badge I I don't know what it is. Let me just quickly translate it.  OK so I guess series, uh so part of series of the vaccine. Probably they then time of vaccination the case one time vaccinated. You know it, your email address. It's. It's also obvious, OK and and the other form. Hmm, so this is a good faith declaration, so name. It's obviously it's obvious address, obvious cell phone, obvious surname, obvious personal identifier. In this case I am still not sure what is required here like the number of. Of document or like I I I'm not sure. Email OK, so it's obvious information and previous vaccination, so if it was one or two doses, what was the date and in which country? So yeah, it's understandable. OK, so I've heard the conditions. I understand that my personal data is being processed. And I. Uh, understand that. I certify that the information is correct. OK, so yeah this this one is. He's very easy to fill out, maybe except this personal identifier. Seeing because I I'm not sure what what I would need to put here to be honest. Umm OK, uh? So let me just move on to the next task, evaluate, test, #13, evaluate your comprehension regarding the steps required to complete. A vaccination series? OK, so I understand that I need to, uh, fill out the declaration and then fill out the information chart, but OK, here is the some read more information about applying for. Nations from abroad. So I guess that that would be also useful. To treat. Uh, yeah, because here is just above I can only see the the documents I need to field, but I don't know where I can. I can apply for it. Do I need to go somewhere or fill out some Internet forms? So so yeah, I guess I need. I need to also read this information.   So. I need to download the information chart and this this good faith declaration sign those and submit them to the doctor at the vaccination Center. OK so I need to go to the vaccination center. Uhm? And we'll bring you the top 10. OK, OK so I understand that I need to go to some uh vaccination center, but again, I'm not sure where are those. I guess it would be useful if if some link was provided with addresses of these vaccination centers around the Slovakia, especially since I'm not from there. So so it's not that obvious for me. And yeah, in if that information was. It's then I guess. I guess that would be that would be just perfect because all the other information pieces of information are are very understandable, so I just need to download and fill out these forms. I was previously looking at. OK, where where is the? So it's probably here, so let me move on to the next task task #14. What are the next? Steps after filling the forms. So yeah, from what I'm understanding, the next steps is. Giving these forms to their doctor at this vaccination centers, but again, I'm not sure where those but, but I think this is this is the next step and then I'm getting vaccinated. Any question now. Thank you. You have completed all the tasks we would like you to answer the following questions by describing. Answers out loud and also by selecting the number on the rating scale that best matches your answer. Please explain your decision. Please do not refresh the website during the questionnaire, otherwise you'll answers will be lost. Describe and sum up your experience with the website. Hmm, I guess she was very good. Uh, well I could. I could find all the information I needed, sometimes not in the. Moment like for example when I was looking for, I think it was registration form. There were a lot of sentences with registration in it. So so in the first moment it was hard to find this specific one but I found it after like a couple of seconds. So All in all it was very cool. The information the titles are in bold and in bigger. Found their different color used if needed, so I guess only know it's it's easy to find and like I said previously, there are no pop up ads etcetera so so it's easy to click on everything and it's visible. How did you feel about obtaining the information from the website? I guess also very good, like I found all the information. Need it pretty quickly like I I had. Umm I had a few questions, like for example where are these vaccination centers et cetera, but I guess I could. I could also Google it. So yeah it would be useful if it would be provided on the website. It would be even better, but All in all I think 5 is a. Hmm. Mark since. Since most of the I could find most of the information very easily. Describe how understandable the information from the website was and your level of confidence in being able to use the information. So I I won't put absolutely understandable because I had a few questions where. Like in a few places I was. Wasn't sure what what they meant, for example by this personal identifier. So so yeah, I would like it to be described more fruitfully, especially if it's like an important document. I would like to be sure if I'm putting the right information, so I'm putting far, because despite this, I think I haven't got problem with understanding like most of the information where. Pretty understandable, I had just a few concerns. Maybe it's just my overthinking so so we can. Maybe that's it. But still I I think I'm putting 4 in this one for for this particular reason. OK, thank you. Thank you too. 
