I know the page because. So I've been on it several times for both vaccinations and testing. And it's kind of maybe 1 look confusing to me, because actually, when I open that page, maybe I want to know right away that like that 1 stock won't come, unless I just sign up for a vaccination or a price. I mean, it's like in this one in a banner sideways, and it's like, uh, I might be bothered a little bit and one look at it when I just want to register quickly but. And actually that on that two, isn't it? Maybe I'd put it a little higher, but other than that, uh. I guess so far, it's okay. You may not be interested in these numbers completely on 1 look when I open that page.  1 person is HIV. I'd probably go to this map and have the expense suspended. Uh, when we go somewhere else like this. He announced it to the collectives you. Well, then. We know not. Uh, no. How bad is this now, huh? How do you find out there times? Uh. Trained ear squabbles anything with. Well, yes, it's Bratislava, so I found out now. The question is only within the remit. Um, well, I think it's. This statistic can be quite well understood, because it's probably the best thing about the app. Um, even that one. The number of cases and deaths, and I think that's fine right now it was a problem to get to it, and. He suggests when you picked it up in the sourdough. Hey, this is fine, too. So. Um, I don't know if I'd make a difference here. I don't think so. Fine.  Composters will improve your visit to ing t Slovakia? Okay, now we have to go back somewhere. Pk. And it will be. It wasn't about an angler and it could be somewhere it's not maybe.  He probably told him Slovakia. Um, well, I found a dfko like that, and that's where it's us. Well, so what does it take to accomplish? So there are exceptions. Day the sun. There's no bing for these countries, are there? That is, exceptions. Exceptions, actually. Uh. Now for the unvaccinated that what they have to meet. So I don't know if I've met my question, but more or less uh other about the rules apply to vaccinated and fully vaccinated. So that's right. We move on and discreetly express. Well, I don't know if you've found a legal document right now, but if that's it, it's like an 11-page document like it's a disaster. And I don't know if it's on them elsewhere, but. But like? It's like it's pretty confusing and I might miss some kind of normal view. Just somewhere on the page the fact at the beginning that 1 just some travel is 1 thing then there is 2 thing is vaccination and the next thing is the ear. I just don't know the cases or anything or something or the tests are hanging. Just split it into some sections because it's like too many hyperlinks here and we find it completely safe to do it like that. Fill fm Slovakia fandov realiz Ivan possible always lead to sales. Revo. Um, I guess I opened the tracks, kid, and. Here, anyway? Not. Which is actually written hmm. So what are the Generals Russian and? So I'd have to look at the fact that if I'm vaccinated or unvaccinated with AZ what country I'm coming from, it says. To dotted white with it and I do not know what so there is mandatory quarantine about or effect. And mandatory quarantine a. And therefore vaccinated persons uh it must have uh eu digital cola certificate or other 3 country certificate, which contains the following DA data if I mouse. That is, va r. So I have to fill out some uh some document here. And what form? And we also need to have an uh scribe test that is no older than 2 70 2:00 and. So if I got vaccinated in that category, and if they're unvaccinated, then. A. I also have to have uh also have a test mission of 70 2:00 and not older than 70 2:00 hmm.  And, uh. Well, actually, there's four other exceptions or something like that that hey, if I had health problems at home, so I'd, uh. Now to vaccinate that I have to, maybe prove it differently and so on, but I don't know if it's all for the kids, that is, for the students. So you're like this? And I didn't feel very good because it just made me feel bad on the page of just putting it somewhere, it's going to be bad for me. Normally bulletproof, maybe he was putting it here or in some way, because, uh, I don't know if it's here somewhere, but how hard it is to find and hard to find. I'd have to go some way a little or something, it just is, it's impractical for older people and so on. Borders registration playfully form fill and that's when Slovakia gives you from abroad it without these plans being that. In Apple Inform. 1. Border Slovakia RN advexin also. In fact, he is filter information Jozef information EUR or. Uh. Miss we have to, so I have a lot to do is the border, there was a registration. Hmm. Another so. John, then. Kiem. The country is coming, yeah. No, but. Not. Well, is that a wien? If you know somewhere, I don't know it's more. Next country visited. I don't know if it's to blame. I don't think so. I'm paying, so I don't think it's necessary. Simply if you're well, so uh I don't know that's 1 number there was some. Thank you, can I put some of mine in there, for example? In 1 it is greener, the center to us 1. Um, he's going to go. Today the vaccinated person goes on and. I guess I have no fog I have. I don't uh go on, so gave the insurance company that's 1 general uh. Žilina. However, it was 1.1.  4 5.  Place of permanent residence. And about the same as yeah, so that's actually the same thing, but they're taking it 100, I don't know if that's actually all and in terms of that, so I've done it. Uh. That was pretty good, like when a man isn't this baton, it's actually cool out there. Quite a click through all of that nothing somehow surprised me there some angle some bad formatting was just what, so it was cool. Thank you. Well, my one that, uh, I don't know how to study it completely, but. As for the uh vaccinations of delayed persons, there's going to be some writing test, uh, when I'm going by air, and at least what I thought so, and maybe they've got vaccinated now, they should have some advantage, and. That's about it. And if you invest, there's a ensemble slovakia doing here, it's going to be the village's sepsis that's a group of ut loud. Her fine, so stronger. Uh, uh, so if I want to vaccinate and. Oki so let's go here for ages stronger he probably frs to the U.S. Komplet jak station Slovakia aha čiže. Uh wells system ensemble. So I guess I'm going for three doses afterwards. Hmm, so I'm going to click on 3 doses of uh. The day now is my birth number I have. Uh, some pin or fax in the registration is the best idea. Pk, and I'd go here now, right? Well, I think I'm going to go and, uh, I'd probably come to the vaccination center some time. But I don't know no, so the question is whether he wants to register or I don't want to. If I want to register with them for 3 doses and I go to it or and if it's my 1 dose then I'm looking for my last name here now and I'll take out some birth number. Uh, which one am I going to enter here, the date of birth?  They're, uh. Danish or from cadal insurance company in dp and we give it my phone number.  Well, that there is an extraction I can't go on either, but it's like this. I'd probably go on to say that now I'd join me here for vaccinations and we've got to be the country I'm from and so on. And I don't know if it's possible to do it any other way when I'm from another country and here it is. Herda plan infor. It was tukorona.gov a long time ago. Okay, so I'd write this down, and then I'd print this out more or save it. Zn.  It's important that what kind of dose I've had so on, I've signed everything and. Uh, Doctor. Okay, so I'd actually be handing this over as max to our center. And those actually activation centers here were probably the ones I opened at the beginning, and so actually that's probably all right. This is actually the No.