So. There is something good. I also hope that the rash greed is sharing. Uh. No windows dash. Now shut up. And. Looks fairly similar to the Dutch website, right, etc? And. This takes.  Just same as it is over here. Fairly similar. Yep. And test you have your increase number compared to. I don't know when that could be. It different how many people are hopeful their sent flexion ated? This one I should make would make my own. Bubble because I don't think these are just. People below the straight will not be needed. Each other. How many vaccinated people pretty clear and maybe put this number would make sense also right here. Uhm? But yeah, it makes sense. It looks good. Useful that this is just right at film top, because I suspect a lot of people need it. The QikLink makes sense. Uhm? I don't know exactly what this means. Some things don't translate directly very well like this. And well, this map isn't working, so that's a bit weird. And. Front page looks very clear, make sense and. Looks good. For here yeah. Looks good as well, just. Uhm, schimler things just. Yeah, looks good. This map is working and it's useful. Uhm? Yeah. Make sense. And yeah. It's my initial impression. Uhm? Would maybe maybe another change could. See that you were writing the most important current measurements as also just above the form section. And that would be useful for I. I would think that would be useful, but and other people may think differently. Find information about the rich region is. Highest number of COVID cases well. Brief, if we go to the over here. We have Did number off. Throw 2 cases. Peregian Shall I believe that's the pressure region? With the most most number. But yeah, that's the most I have number of total cases. In the region. I believe at least that. This is the number that shows up here. In fact, he had this map doesn't make much sense, but probably if you live in traffic here you can just see. Oh yeah, I live right here, so I'm in this region. So you could take both in Africa about some regions or. Stuff like that. Uhm yeah. So and. These are probably municipals or something. Because they don't agree with. Regions lined up here so. But they make sense. They look good. Yep. Information about exemption for Google Home isolation when arriving to Slovakia. I suspect we need to go to home. And. Traveling. Nation. Morris tinker measurements. No, I suspected it would be in. Here's Ben. Should travel regulations. If maybe you could pop up on the site. That doesn't want to do it. Compulsory home isolation. Three requirements. But where are the exceptions?  It could be different. Honestly, for me it's still a bit unclear. Maybe I've just found the wrong document. I dare watch a different ship check section where a Welsh got should look at. Maybe Flash would have been right here. No, I don't think so. Uhm. But the location is very clear the document. That could be made a bit more clear, but. That is, I don't. I don't know if this is inside of the scope of your project or outside. Uhm? Navigate. It is easy, the document itself. I couldn't fully understand. I'm planning to arrive from abroad to Slovakia. Find out whether I've was even possible, and if yes, what are the requirements for rifle. I believe it would be in the same documents. If I saw it right. You could also register. Depends. When you are on the website isn't in English. I can change when I will arrive, let's say today. Where did they come from? Netherlands. Uhm? Those things I don't want to fill in. I bet you can register right here. Alright, I see. Uhm? And I suspect that a regulations are in here. Say I am a vaccinated person. We have a. I have EU digital code for Sept Iphicrates. So that's a requirement. Uhm?  I need to, uh, register. Then if I come by air, I need to fit in another form. And. The Netherlands Not in the list as far as I can see in the documents. So I need to. And provide a negative RT PCR test. So. Metal is in the list, it's just not alphabetically ordered weirdly enough. Up So I don't need proof provided with a. Need to fill in some documents? And provide a vaccination list. All mostly the document was simply confusing, but where at the document was was pretty easy to find. Mabalingwe maybe if you search for it. No. Searching for it doesn't help. But Maybe they could add these documents in the search function as well. Because that aspect I got it's a bit confusing and the document is just. It's a good document, it makes sense. Though it's. Difficult to adjust. Press aware some information is. I will arrive by plane from the US of a landing in Vienna. So first let's switch this to English because they don't say that I am coming from the US of a. Mac. OK, so America I have another physical stop in Austria. Uh, and tell the right thing to Fiona. I'm not fascinated. I have an ID number of 123456. Before 5-6 date of birth. Is 30th or January. Nope. Videos of January want me? 9. Email is. I've got spare milk. Thing. Phone number. But if I have to continue, I am not vaccinated. And. I suspect I'm not exception. Overview of exemptions. This is probably the patient. Last month before and I couldn't find it. This base cannot isn't translatable, so I have no proof of any of your shares. My apologies for that. Uhm?  Well, I come from you. Don't. Just 12345345. Trash will be same as young nurse. I suspect I don't have preferred pickup points. Additional data no. And this is the final step. For the part. Of exemptions, the. Uhm? Options given decent, they make sense, but if you want to just have an immediate overview. They don't have to base in English. Is farce makes sense? I just respect they don't have one. Uhm? Well. Uh, yeah, I don't know if I've only been in here, so that's the problem. Uhm? So yeah, that's a bit of a downside. Or if you want to, you need to go through everything. One of those options, which is a bit. Annoying. Actually, that's pretty logical and still makes sense. Uhm? I don't know exactly what it's meant with my understanding of the rules which apply after arriving in. I believe you mean the current measurements. Butchers, I mean sorry. And well, that's. Mandated rights here. So we have to. They should look down so offense. And stuff can't happiness much if I just scanned a quick line on top. Uhm? There should be creative workplaces. And you have to wear a face masks. And outside and respirator face masks in a public transport and buildings. So yeah. Fascinated the Broads. I would like to. Who wrecked complete my fascination in here? What dealerships do they need to do? I suspect they need to apply. Here in front. At this document shade just have to feel undies. Uhm? Things. Uhm? And that makes sense. You directly know that's probably a good find those things out. For example, my patch number for fraction form for my first vaccination if I if applicable. Uhm? But the forms look good. Uhm? The first Question four with the tick box. In in the documents there's no translation for, so you would need to translate it yourself. But Yeah, next to it it looked good. I had the first document at least and the information charged in the good faith documents. Same problem that the first line is. Not. There's no translation for. That's yeah, it looks good.  Go to questionnaire. For most information I knew where to look. Some aspects, like for example the mandates you need to open individual documents and. For me, I would like to have some shorts. Rules written down on the dock in the website itself. And so you don't have to look through them if you want to look through every entry every. Documents. Just a quick summary would be useful. The filling in the form made sense. Just the exceptions were a bit difficult to read through and and to look through like you so I didn't do that very quickly. Well, I I just pretty much skipped over that. Uhm? And. The applying for vaccination shiploads makes sense. Some light downsides, most of it is goods. I think I will give it to four. Uhm? How did I feel about obtaining the information from the website? Again, depends on. Subject, For example, for the applying for vaccinations? Really easy, UM? For traveling to UM. Sushi, yeah, most made sense. Some small downsides, but for just looking at the current rules, thus like a lot more difficult. 200 Three were good. I think I will give the three on my fridge. Uhm? With the it's a pretty big downside to that the current covered bowls weren't entirely clear. Understands the. Uh, information from the website was. Left of confidence in being able to use the information. Uhm? Same story again. Come apply vaccinations and the truffle. I could use pretty easily. Some minor things. Bit more annoying to get and understand. But there are, for most of them they are just you solutions. Uhm? I currently do not completely understand, but the full covitz. Rules are in Slovakia. Uh, that information was not really understandable that, well without completely reading through the documents. Uhm? And. That's discourages some people to do. It's discouraging to some people to read it through completely. Uhm, so it's easier to miss some rules right there. Uhm? Most of it was very well understandable, and I I'm pretty confident that I could apply that. But so, like again, that aspect was not. So I think I will give three again. You're welcome for that. I participated. I hope your thesis will go well and my information will be useful. Well, thank you, good luck.  
