  Website. This website shows the statistics of. Coronavirus. Of Slovakian Republic it is giving important and up-to-date information about COVID and all the measures that were taken by the Government of Slovakia. It also gives the daily statistics increase and decrease the total and. Hum. Where racks in ated. Vaccination for the first dose for the third dose vaccination without the registration on Slovakia, and how do you register PCR test registration for age test. And I'll kovit automat. And there are frequently asked questions such as what are the current measures, the immigration and travel, and what are the symptoms of coronavirus and what are its treatment and how do you prevent the infection? It also gives you what if you. Connected with. COVID disease and how you can reduce it further. Alright, vaccination you bought it distinct. Covert digital. Quality Pass next task. Describe your initial impression with the website. My initial impression is. There are very less colors chosen for the website. The information is appearing right in front of you. That is, it is showing you the daily statistics. That is important for a person to know about the ongoing covert situation of Slovakia. A test. I'm sorry the results such as how many PCR tests were done and how many people were hospitalized and how many people have been fully vaccinated so far and how many people have. Oh Succumbed to the. COVID all the statistics are given. Now describe your initial impression with the website would be. I think this is the maximum information that one needs, and I think this is fantastic. There's no unnecessary information being provided on the website as you, as I can see, the important information is bigger in font. And the lesson, uh, important is. In a grade font grade color the font color. The font size is small and. And the color of the font is great. I wouldn't need when. Was last updated or the statistics are updated of 10? M doesn't really matter and it is also giving me a very good fantastic resource for how do I get vaccinated if I'm abroad? What if my relatives are abroad? How can I give them? Oh, the travel and immigration rules that are applying during the during the pandemic. And how do I prevent the infection? What if I am experiencing COVID and if I have come across in contact with people who have covered then? What needs to be done? Uh, the Slovakia government is providing all of this. Signation Overall, I can say that the information what is required the government is providing that. And it's very good.  Find it because there are no numbers given exactly, there's only. It's the information when I'm hovering over the map of Slovakia. It's all in Slovakian language, so it becomes difficult to me if I don't understand Slovakian language and. As you can see, there's no specific data anywhere. It would become very difficult to find out where is the, which region has the highest number. Court cases in total. I would try to Scroll down more if I have any information, but unfortunately I do not have that data. Region has highest number of total cases cannot be found that easily. Unless and until I know the Slovakian language at the same time, I will have to keep on translating, but. I would say below average has been my experience so far. Find information about which feature in Slovakia has the highest number of total COVID cases. Oh my God, why am I not able to? Find it. One of the ways is just contact them and ask them, but they would. Be providing me with that. And let's hover for towards more cases and unfortunately I do not have that information. No. Sorry, I'm not able to give that. I'm not able to answer. I'm not able to find out that, so that is below average rating. On how on the ease up ease of finding the information of highest number of cases. For a particular region.  Fantastic so I can see how many increase in decrease not decrease, but how many increase of PCR tests? Has it been since every day? How many people have taken antigen tests and lab confirmed cases of positive cases and how many patients have? Kovit in the hospitals. And number of persons vaccinated with the first dose number. This one, vaccinated with the second dose. OK, so. In the previous question it was asked find which. Find which region has the highest number of cases. So after I click the advanced statistics. I'm able to answer then, but I think to improve the experience the advanced statistics should be appearing like it needs to appear. Really like tell to the user of the page that hey. You need more information, please click here, but I think the color and the font size is just telling me that it's just transparent. I can't see that, but I had to focus a lot over the website and then find that there is an option called advanced statistics and I did this but not other users would do it. So I can say lava.  In the region, if we can see. Uh, the region name banska Region. Is on top, but that doesn't mean that it has the highest number of cases because the region is not set by. The ascending or descending order is just random. Put in place and we can see Bratislava region has the highest number of cases. There's not much. Statistics included. Like how many have recovered from the test, it would have been better if it was written. How many people have recovered from that disease. But my valuation would be again at average as it is just giving me how many PCR tests were done. How many lab confirmed cases were done, but I think if there was a comparison between how much it was before and how much it is now, it would have been much better. I would just treat it as average, that is. Hour on 10 I would just write it as six. More information could have been given. I would go back to answer this question. Find the information about exemptions about exemptions from compulsory matter in Slovakia. So let's go to FAQ. These are the current measures that does not answer my query travel and immigration. I can hope something is there for my. Uh. Necessity right now and I can see travel regulations. Over here so. Can you open it in a new tab? I can see that it is taking me to a different PDF. Meanwhile, while it loads, I will check some other FAQ. I'm not sure if this is frequently asked question, it's just my guess because it nowhere tells that it's a section of FAQ. Just because the format looks like a frequently asked question. That is why I just said that. Do we have let me find out? No, we do not have. I tried finding it with control plus F to find out anything like that is present but nothing is present as such. So travel and immigration. That has late has is leading us towards this page. Travel regulations. Border regime of Slovakia. Home isolation so I would try to read all of it. I wouldn't. I may or may not have find my answer. See specific entry requirements for persons coming from risk countries traveling for the purpose of this travel. Clothes no. This does not answer, so I'll just go and just type compulsory home exempt or keywords such as exemptions wow.  I use a little bit more of my creativity that is control plus F if the person is not a tech savvy or does not use computer or laptop a lot, maybe the senior citizens wouldn't have that much of an idea as to how to use it, so they would find it very difficult. To find out the exact information that they need again, I would just want ten. I would just write it as seven because it should have been easy because.  The information travel and immigration is vague, but people have to put some more efforts to find the information. I can tell, I think the website could have been more broad. It's it's just too less information. And the PDF is a lot of information to read for and until and unless I. Check the information, I won't get my answer. But I was able to find it over here so. 8 or 10. The final score. People are arriving to Slovakia and then when I Scroll down, the information is being narrowed down and if I'm vaccinated or not vaccinated I can check what I need so right now. The exemption rules. Is to the point. Honest to the point, but a lot of information is there. Uh. On vaccinated persons do not need to enter mandatory self isolation if these are the conditions. Now let's go through some few points. It's they cannot be vaccinated for health reasons. They must be able to prove it by the confirmation from medical specialist.  The hopeful border areas of neighboring state within 100 kilometres from an open book or write and our citizens of the Slovak Republic, they must demonstrate a negative test result not older than seven days. Different scenarios and for sure one or the other scenario will suit for me. And I can use it. For my information and then action on it. I would just transiting through Slovak. So I'm coming from abroad and this page will tell me. Uh. If I'm allowed to come first of all, so let's say if I'm coming from India because I'm from India, I would click on this and I see that India is not among the risk countries. So there are no exemptions from quarantine for this persons. For the time being part it is for the people from risk. Countries I'm I'm from India. I'm exempted from quarantine. But the quarantine has to be taken place at the home or in some quarantine accommodation, the question tells. If you are allowed to arrive in Slovakia, yes, I'm allowed allowed, and what are the requirements of the arrival? Arrival requirements are let's crawl to the top and see what are the entry requirements I'm vaccinated, so I will. Cut this section vaccinated. It's giving me a very clear cut information that if the person is considered that, what are the conditions Slovak Public Republic has described as a fully vaccinated public fully vaccinated person that is. These three conditions. Doing good, I fall for one of it. And. It is giving me the process of how to read. So myself if I'm coming to Slovak Republic and. Different vaccinated then what are the rules? I must do this registration through this via E stranica. Status has to be proved. EU digital COVID certificate or by National Certificate. I have a national certificate. I can use it to prove that. That's good. And if I'm coming from aeroplane, I must fill the form. And after filling the form it is telling me rival from a long list. Wow. If my. Wow. Came from India again and I can see that India is not mentioned anywhere over here so. Even though I'm vaccinated, I must show a negative RT PCR test. Which is not older than 72 hours, OK? So that's my experience so far.  How did you feel about searching for the information? Know that so. I will have to click each and every section and then go through it. As a detailed person, I would suggest more information should have been there. Yeah, it's a lot of it's it's. I'm sorry it's a little bit of hard work to find exactly what information I need. With such input information. Oh, like a. Once I'm putting a little bit of effort after choosing what I need, like what I need to know then. I'm good with the information after I read it in the PDF section. But before that. I would have to scroll a lot, read a lot as to what information where do I get exactly how? I think I will have a as an experience would be it it does take. It gives my brain a lot of. Book, so that would be my experience. It UM and honest review would be the ease of. Navigating through the website is not that. Oh good. I think more needs to be done on, uh, the navigation of website through the web. Navigation through the website. I think people would be totally fine if they. Have to scroll a bit more as long as they're getting the information what they need. You're playing a rival plan from USA Land in Vietnam then. Driving to Slovakia, you vaccinated. Do not submit the form in the last step. Looking information. Use this information with your own.  Your own. Today anywhere if I'm trying to Scroll down. And then again, I would choose the option control F, find it out where it is. So I type HRA. Not able to find it. Registration at arrival. From that tells that gives me information for vaccinated and vaccinate people and I would try to find out. How do I find this form? Uh. If I'm going from you as I don't know exactly where do I find this form exactly, not able to navigate, there's no proper directions as to where I can find this form so. The hard work. It's giving me all the information like who needs to fill. What do you have to fill? But I don't find it. Where do I find this form so? Oh Hey OK OK. Uh. After pressing control left. And typing in the find dialog box, I can see that it's showing me here. Under general rules for arrivals from abroad that I am able to figure out that this link will take me to iranica. Section, let's fill the form now.   Select one country. I don't know how do I even select a country? On select one date one. OK, once did one. Visited country, but when I'm seeing one visited translation step one visited country. I don't find the proper options. It's quite confusing. One other visited Country 1 cancel. One and next country. This information is very difficult to understand as to how I can put my information. Uhm? Four name Johnson named John Smith. Four name is John Smith. Is my surname OK? Uh. Oh my God the website. Translated from Slovak to English now and now, I'm able to see the information. What I need to choose properly. Took a lot of time for it to get converted. Which country you coming from coming from USA? United States of America. Joan. Surname is Smith. Indication number is. A identification number is 123456. I wonder if I six date of birth would be 30 January. So I can see, as in venom, scrolling down slowly. The information is getting translated from Slovak to English. It's the website is slow. Oh my God, it's pretty slow. The information is not translated. Yet I'm just figuring out this information is date of birth, so it is. 30th January 1999 thirtieth Genuity. 1999 A email address would be. Yesterday@gmail.com OK that is provided then. Like I said, the information is not translated yet. Into English properly, so I'm just figuring figuring it out. But certain words that are similar to English, it is asking for, not telephone telephone number is. Cross one.  A not so great because firstly it took a lot of time for the web page to load properly into like proper words. Previously I had it, it was showing test, test, test, one test, 2 select 123 and it really confused me but later on it translated from Slovak. Or improper text to proper and English text. Then I was able to enter the information. The website was very slow but not the whole website was trash. So far only the 40 to 50% has been translated or converted into proper English and proper text. And, uh, the rest of the information. I didn't understand what to feel exactly as to film an address. I couldn't figure out where I had to fill, so the experience again is not so great. It has been disappointing because if I'm coming from a foreign country and trying to register for iranica form then it should. Be smooth experience, but it is not so smooth. Describe your understanding of the rules which which apply after arriving to Slovakia. Then to answer this question I will have to go back to the PDF and check the sections. What I need to do. To Slovakia, all I understand is. Since I'm coming from India. Then I'm not under the list which exempts me from isolation, so I must isolate home, isolate or in a proper accommodation. For 72 hours.  Scrolling through the website, I don't see that information like very easily available right in front of my eyes, but. If I choose to. Vaccination in Slovakia. So if I'm vaccinated abroad, why do I have to get vaccinated in Slovakia? Again, I am not understanding. Firstly that medium partially vaccinated and then to get fully vaccinated. How do I get vaccinated in Slovakia, fully vaccinated in Slovakia? Then yes. OK. What are the steps that you need to do? Try describing out loud how beautiful the forms that you would. That you find to apply for vaccinations OK then I would click on this information.  Those hyperlink which was leading to applying for vaccinations from abroad. If I am first, uh. If I have completed only first or second doors. Then I can follow this thoroughly and nicely have you. It's asking me have you completed your first or second dose and you want to get fully and fully vaccinated? Then telling me to go to this website, download the information chart and good with declaration. OK, so if I go to that website. And I will find this information. Information chart. Yes, over here I can see it and then I took then then click on good faith declaration. Let's do that after clicking on. Get the information chart I need to find good faith declaration. See the website is the PDF is. Taking Some time to load and after I open it, the information. Stress isn't in fluent language as well as English. Yes, I have found the information. But I'm not sure if this is a good faith. Declaration because I can see no where. If there is the word good faith. OK, so let's find it out. With control F strategy. Well, the same. Creation. I think this is the good Faith Declaration itself. OK, so after I fill in the information of all that is, it is asking me, then I must. Do the 2A complete the two ticks? And then print it out. Doing the steps required to complete a vaccination series.    Are you gonna start? You better come here. Not able to evaluate, I'm sorry because I don't know exactly how do I evaluate. Able to answer that. What are the next steps after? Filling the forms. 2. How did you feel about obtaining the information? Uh, from the website? I felt that the information was way too less than what could have been on the website. It's like there are very few options in the beginning of the website and then after I click on each option then it will lead me to different pages. I would tell the navigation part was quite difficult unless and until I hover. Through the options completely and very keenly, I wouldn't be able to find exactly what I needed, and it's quite narrowed. The information present is quite narrowed and very less. I think the color or the font should be more creative so that I can figure out so that people are, let's say, from my perspective I can figure out what exactly I need. On my overall experience, uh, but the. Not getting information is not that great because if I'm coming from USA or India I don't know exactly what all I must give in to the government so that they can process the information. It's again 2. Describe how understandable the information from the servers and your level of confidence in being able to use the level of confidence was absolutely low. To be very honest and describe how understandable the information from the website was. Stand the understandability. I can tell a I think they will. A lot of technical issues while I was going through the website up so that is where. No, not. I'm not able to understand exactly, uh. What information needs to be given? If I have like like I said previously, so one of the websites like within this website. The information was half translated. Half not translate so I don't know where do I put my address exactly. Half was in English, the options were in English and half is in slower language, so that was a bit difficult. 
