Alright. Let's see OK, so Yep, I'll read the test number one. I think I took more than 122 minutes. Uh, what I did is to take a look over the whole website to get an idea what's in there, like statistics, uh? I think it was, can you? Close the video. Yeah, So what I did here is I tried to take a look over the whole website and to see like first there was some statistics. Then there were like links and what's called like something similar to frequently asked questions. And there was this map then and other stuff it. But I think I spoke too much in this section, but it's OK. We can, uh, play the video. Continue with. Yeah, and then here I've seen things there is abs. Yeah, I think I went to deep with this one, yeah? Till I recognize that there is another desk. Did they explain here? Yeah, OK, I'm alright. Exactly and now. Here's the initial impression, so I think for my initial impression or. Here when I hear where I spoke that OK for my initial brochure it was OK. Let's pretend that. Hmm. Let's pretend that I don't know anything about kovid or something like that, like somehow my memory was erased for the last two years. And. A new virus of all of the world. It's called COVID and iOS. Given adding to know more about it and I would open this link. And the first thing I would notice that in the link. So there is corona and then there is golf, which means that it's not a private website where everyone can edit everything they want. It's like it belongs to government or something like that. Then it it like this source might be a little bit trusted, for example, and the second thing was the traveling. So that was quite fast to see in case someone was interested in there, so they would see that immediately there after that, where the statistics. Statistics are statistics and numbers are, uh and amazing way. Like to make sense of something like. One can talk a lot about different things, but if you put a number in context to it, you can. You you can make more sense of it per se. Then this was the part where I liked that there is, like quicklinks, there is a frequently asked questions. So if I was looking for something, there is a part like it's not. Far from the top there is this part here and then there was this map that I tried to understand that I don't think it was updated. I. I understand the idea behind it, but I don't think it was updated and here was my question that if the stock would then. Is, uh, can you pause the video a little bit? It's yeah. Thank you so. The. Airport to us. I think they were in in in is it called Slovak? OK, I think so. I don't think they were in English. I didn't open them. My point. Uh, that was an assumption. And then I saw that there is a call center. I say that having a call center is always a good idea. A good options in case there is a question or there's an emergency and. So there there were. There are apps available which I find quite interesting. Done something important to have as. Nowadays you can't like. For example, you can't live without mobile like a smartphone, and it would make things quite easy and accessible, and I think that's a smart move. Also, and the last thing OK. Here was a point where I read the Ministry of Investments, Regional Development, and informalization information. Informatization yeah. And there was a I was a little bit confused because I thought that the website should be like would be run by the I mean for health and. Or something like that and. Uh, that was just, uh, a thing that I expected. And here it it wasn't. So I, I'm not sure how it was how it works like I now I know that this ministry is the one responsible for the website, but I thought it was from the health ministry per say. OK. OK. OK, it would make more sense. It would make more sense now. Yeah, because this was also like a kind of a way to to tell that this. This is like from the from a government website or something like that and they they know the information they're putting. Yeah. I think that was for the task #2 if I'm not mistaken, you can, uh, you can see the video. I think so. Hmm Yep task #3 find that information. Yeah, this one. This task was quite interesting. So, uh, for the first part I was trying to see. OK, let's see if I can get the information I need. From the set static statistics itself, which I ran through the statistics itself, and I think in the task number four I will. Talk more about them and I didn't see anything related to that. I only saw like there is positive numbers and something like that, and I assume that the map this map should be working and have something related to that, but it was only a day like last year and I'm not sure. What what it was written, so my assumption was maybe in the advance statistics that would be there, but if it was on this one it would be. It would have been easier and we would save some time per say. So I think here I ran through through them. The thing I found Nice is that it was updated like today I think and then it was. Numbers and the things provide here. I think positive cases. How many hospitalized and so on? And now to the part. Yeah, this is where I saw them up. I I hoped to see in the on the main page. So now I took a closer look at through all the numbers and what they mean per se. And I had. Skepticism about something which will be in task #4 and I didn't see anything evolve about like the one with that highest total. And here I reached the map and I was quite satisfied with the map, especially with the coloring with the color coding or, say the red, the red color was. I think the right choice since red mostly. Do something bad happening, or red news or something like that and it would catch the I easily and it was. Color coded in a nice way in which the darker is the higher so in that case I went to Bratislava. I thought that was the one, but then I scrolled down and here there was something called number of new cases and the total number of cases. And when I check that. It would be another one. What was it called appraisal of? I think so. Praise of would be the the total the highest number of total COVID cases, so that was not what I expected. I thought I could get it from the map. But I understand that the the purpose of them and here I made like a comparison between. Alright sleva and phrasal. How each? One of them has something different, and here I I didn't know what the numbers like in red mean or whether up there. I think this was taken from another source and it was it wasn't translated into English per se. Yeah I like here for example, you can see five immediately with the color coding. But yeah, uh, this this is. Yeah. It's. The. Let's say. Realization or something like that that, uh, if it was Slava, maybe because it's the capital and it will be more crowded for example. And if it was the other one then it maybe because it was bigger and. Maybe that's why there was the the Hut, the highest total cases, but. Yeah. That's number four was an interesting one. Task #4 the task #4. Exactly, so here is my idea. If you if you can pause the video a little bit because I don't know how fast I am in in it. So here is my idea. I open the website, I look for the statistics and I see this. I will. I will read increase. Positive PCR test and then there is a total. There is a total of the hospital hospital hospitalized and there is then they're not fully vaccinated. There is increase also and and so on, but none of them say like in comparison to what, because if you will get that if you will look at the total of the positive physiologist and the total of the disease. The total of the differences are. Ohh like way more than the positive results then how how was it confirmed for example that was one thing. The second thing was like there is no relation. For example it's not relative to something or it's not mentioned. The the point I found interesting was in the hospitalized one, so they say for example, we have this percentage that they are not. Vaccinated and I and that I found that quite interesting because. Normally you would say yeah we have. I don't know 1000 people in hospitals and so on, but you don't see how many, for example, as a statistic. How many are vets are fully vaccinated? For example, how many are not? And this was like A plus point from me for the statistics. And then I will go for the. Fully vaccinated numbers. And then the first thing I would see is like minus 888 and then. Well, how would a minus would be in this context? Is it like OK? Maybe next week last week we had for example like 20,000 and then in this week it was for example 12,000. So the this week in comparisons and. July last week. It's like minus eight 8000 or something like that. That would be my assumption, for example, and that this is the death was also the same point as the positive PCR tests. I think you can now Fast forward to the advanced statistics.  It yeah. Like the advanced statistics were better than the daily statistics. For example, ohh OK. You can pose here for for a second and I can explain what I say so here there is a better. What was it called? What would I call? A better preview of the numbers and the numbers make more sense. If I if I in my if I may say so. For example we have physical artists and we have the total of them and the increase, but it's still the problem. Overall there is no like is it? We're checking like today and seven days ago or something like that. This is over only by the median was something mentioned. The the 2nd. One was the idea of the lab confirmed cases PCR. This was a little bit confusing for me because my assumption is. Like you go to the to this center. You get the like. They get the sample and then they will send it to lab and the lab will do. We'll check the results, or at least that's how it works here. So there is a little bit of a confusion between PCR. Tests and lab come from cases from the BCL to which what does it exactly mean? Like aren't all that you say artists confirmed like run through lab? Or is this like another thing? Because in the end you gain antigen. This it makes sense because you can do the antigen tests by yourself or you can do them also by the center so that. Point for example. Umm? The thing I found, uh, nice and I gave A plus is, uh, also by the number of patients in hospitals, confirmed with COVID-19 that it didn't only tell the number, but it gave also the number about how many are in intensive. How many are in on ventilation? It's not like, OK? Have this number of people and they are they are doing well or like they get symptoms or something like that because that's the perception people might have. And here you you're telling them exactly like it's not this it doesn't like. Not everyone gets it the same. Some people might. Need the intensive care? Some people might even need like to be on a ventilator, for example. That you go through it and it's not that easy. That that was, uh, A plus for me. Uh, the number of COVID, so that was also a. Something that so before in the on the main page it was, UM, I think the number of deaths and here it's not all like here. It's the number of deaths associated to Cove it that was. That was interesting. So they they specified more and they are more sure about it. For example, it's not like anything that might have been as a complication from COVID and let to death. That would be in it, for example, and I think the number phone is the total number. Per SE, and the last increase is still not saying to which. And then there is 7 day moving median. This this is the one that made more sense or the most sense out of the others, because it's saying that it's a seven day. So you would assume that it's from today like 7 days ago, like in the span of a week. Updating every day. I think you can Fast forward a little bit till we get to. This low part where I scroll here because I go quite into details. OK, we can pause here. And. That was also interesting here that he they're giving. Also like the number of people who had the first dose and the number of people who had the second dose. Not like yeah, we have this number of vaccinated people and you can see it's like I think 98% or something like that. The code is. Is good, but you will still see this. This last increase, in which like you have also on the other side. It's minus 888 and I think my there's something would be like they had the day before or like the last value was quite higher than the current value and that's why the increase would be negative. But I don't know but that I found that also interesting. Now we can continue, I think. Because then I think I will Scroll down to the map maybe? Yeah, the map. I think I explained that the map that was also the number of new cases. It would make more sense and the total number of cases. And I wish that if that might have been on the map. For example, let's say that you have a button or. Switch and which you can switch between the current guesses. The current new cases for example, and the total cases. Overall that would that would have been better for the Mac itself, and if can you pause it. And if about the map itself, if it was, if it would say exactly like what's the number it's showing. For example. Would make things a little bit clearer. Horsey Task number five was find the information about this assumption ohh yeah oh Oh yeah, this one. Ohh, this one you can press play because OK. We can pose no. Where you can post, so I'm not sure how I went through this exactly so. Here is how my thought process went, so it's selling me find the information about the exemptions from compulsory home isolation after arriving in Salt Lake. So the first thing I would look into the statics statistics won't do anything forms for vaccinated abroad. That's not the part I would. I think I would go then to the not the links rather than the questions, uh? Aside from them and then two of them would catch my eye, the first one would be the current measures and the second one would be that forever and immigration and I would go first to try the current measures and. Here you can. You can continue playing it. I would go for the current measures and there I was. Uh, disappointed, that wasn't what I was looking for.  I think I'll take a look at them, like what the titles? And that's that. Wasn't what I'm looking for, and the second option would be the travel and immigration. And there there is 2/2 of them. So which one? That was the interesting one. Because I tried to check the range, nothing I I skimmed the website, nothing about that. So it's either one of these. Did I open the video first? Yeah, I think here I wasn't happy that this is a big deal. Uh, Yep. So if you can pause here for a second, so the first thing I wasn't happy it was with the F per say. I would have assumed that that that uh or the thing I was looking for it might have been written. So I opened the def. The first thing I would see is. 11 pages so that was all OK, so I need to read through 11%. You know if this is what I need or not and then I tried to skim through it and through skimming I came to the conclusion this is not what I'm looking for. If you can continue. Then I think I closed it. Yep. Then I tried the the next. So what I did here is try to see what website is this, like if there's something here that might have been, uh, what I'm looking for. And I checked what, what, what, the typing and what might, what, what that might have been. And then I checked the link, this link OK and here like just by skimming through I saw that section two was the quarantine and Section 3 was the general.  And I think that was this task, but I went over with it. If I'm not mistaken, they stopped now. No, I think here I put the task six also because I didn't know that the task six would would ask me about how did. How did I find that thing, for example? Right? Yeah, he here is. Play frustration a little bit. OK, kind of feedback, for example. Which I can explain it now if you if you can pause for for a second. OK so here is. Here is the point I am trying to find. I think the whole idea of the website is to try to make. The information as easy and as accessible as it could be so. I I'm traveling and I'm looking for this information. This information, like you you've seen, it's only a sentence there. Why did I have to go through two here and then to check the first PDF and then I had to go through another website to check different things on the website to go through another PDF which had like 14 pages? And then I was lucky to skim through them to find it on in the on the second page for example like it could have been. It could have made very easy and just by like I've been in here like. This is the exemption. For example, this is what would happen. This is and so it doesn't make sense if I will put this and I will links because there is also quick links to the. Rid of it. That was my frustration point. If if I may say so. So yeah, I think this task and there was another task I didn't recognize. I didn't realize that there was the task after them is explained or describe the experience. That wasn't a fun experience from the website itself, like it could have easily been. Written here what what you would do or who would get any sent? For example, but no OK. Yeah, yeah. So. UM? Since why I'm looking into it, it's just to see that. The accessibility of the information and trying to. To to to to look for. For example, like of course I can go to the source and then I will access everything. I need, but that's not the point. The point is to to have something on the website itself. Why have the website? If I can go to the search bar and look into? They want to look into. For example.  To reach the information I need from the website itself. Per se. Like no searching nothing. Just if if I go through the website itself do will I see what I get? The information I'm looking for or not. So, uh, yeah, there was a surf. A surf, OK? Do you because? You couldn't pay. It doesn't take much, it's it's just a sentence. OK, it's it's just a sentence. You can write it in. Indeed. Exactly exactly exactly like you've you've spent so much effort and time on on the right, and then you came to this to this sentence and you would make someone go through. Too much to get to the to look into what they need, like you could just. I don't know. Call it frequently asked questions like just summarize the pin point. I think that's what I was trying to say. Like you can pinpoint the the thing you don't need to write too much. It's just like 123 and this is the most important thing I think it was that that made me quite frustrated that because I think there was another. Desk that that it destroyed my frustration. My frustration level was yeah, I feel that disappointment in the website itself. That's OK, that task #7 you're planning to arrive from broad to ah. Here it was easier because I would have assumed that I would go through the first line, and then I opened here and there. Option would be to try and read the first page and I've read like the what is written the the found here was an interesting because. Uh, I think it was in Slovak, if I'm not mistaken and my point was here is if it could have been mentioned that it's in Slovak, not in English. And then I read the general and. Yeah, here I'm talking about that point and. I came here like you need to. To I think that was the interesting. The the thing that picked my curiosity was 12 years and two months where that came from, for example. Yeah, here I clicked on to see what's this like form. I realized that came later. That was a frustration for a bit and. And then I read that OK, you need to have form. You need to register and that would be what you need to do. For example, if you arriving. To to to Slovakia. Ohh 22 all vaccinating yeah. I'm just jabbering around. Blah blah blah. Yep Yep Yep. Do I go down, yeah? You wouldn't be happy about threading 11 pages. That's not something one is looking for. A small information. It should look into. I think I just take a scheme that just to make sure that the information I found above was the one I'm looking for. Hey yeah. And then yeah or? This is what. How did you feel about I? I think I said that. Kate was easier and more comfortable, for example, than the last one. All I had to do is click the link, the PDF opened and then it was in the first page just like that. Easy peasy, like it. It's it's just like that. You don't need to go to another external website and like to click through different links to check which one is and then to try to look to other pages into other pages to find. Information unit like this one was. Quite like excess, like more accessible than the than the last one. Ohh yeah ohh yeah this the part where I need to fill the form. Ohh, this part was quite interesting. I was I liked the name Jonah Smith too. It's it's not a very common. You would assume yeah. So he threw me, uh, going into everything before I knew exactly where to go for the registration because I read the name before. So now ohh yeah, he here is. Here is the miserable reality. Can you pause the video a little bit? OK, so here is the idea. The the data for. Travel, for example wasn't written in the task itself, so I assumed a date from me. But then I want to look for the USA. So if you if you Type USA you wouldn't. You won't get any result if you type United you wouldn't get the United States of America if you type US you would get the United States of America and that was quite frustrating because like. It's it's called the United States of. Again, if you type the word united, you wouldn't find it. You you literally it wouldn't give it to you. That was. I'm not sure if this is a bug in in the source system or something like that. I don't know because I tried USI I tried. Unite to try to type United and us. For example, you when you type us, you need to go like to Scroll down to get the United States of America. Not like U.S. Marine. Or something or something like that. So that was a that was a minus minus. And then yeah, I think I chose it after. Yep, and then I think I chose those Astoria like Austria, ohh. 22 letters and you get it you here so here here that was also a point that. I have a number, but the number isn't. Is it like I am traveling? I am from Slovakia and I'm traveling back or I am traveling for visit and then the number I need to give. The like from another country. For example, I think that afterwards it was.  Visit. For example, 2 Slovakia. Because each one of them would have me chosen another option. If I was from Slovakia then I would. Use this number for the first option and if I'm from the US then I will use the number for the second option. But I think I went with the assumption that. Jonas Smith within having. Going from Slovakia might have been someone from the USA, so I went to the second option. So I think that that point. Email and the phone number where. Here it's not a problem. The I like the email and the phone number. To be honest. Near here that I was. Uh, I always asked to choose that. I wasn't vaccinated. And here I think I I chose. I have no exemption just to see what I need to do. Afterwards. I tried to check the task if there is something specific I needed to choose, there wasn't. So I chose that one because the other ones wouldn't make sense and now I arrived for example, like the health insurance I choose. OK, so can you pause a little bit? This one was as as frustrating. No more frustrating than the US one because. I I I needed to look for is it called zilina zilina or OK zilina. OK so I need to look for Gina. And the problem is, it's it's case sensitive. So if I type Z, it wouldn't give me the. Both are looking for. And I needed to scroll through many things like there were so many jillina per say. But then I turned on my, uh. My brain and I tried if what would happen if I typed Jenna without the G at the beginning and then I would get the result. What I what I would have my. What I might have found better? Is, uh, if I was able to give the street or like when I type the postcode it would get the city automatically. Because here I I went through all of them. I think somehow at some point I gave up and I wanted to. I used one more brain cell because here I saw so many gel. And. Yeah, there were so many. Of and even when I chose the right one afterwards, the post code was. Ohh, we'll come to that point when I choose when you choose it. Yeah. Ohh OK. Yeah. Jenna, it would give you a postcode. I think it was 10010 or something like that and it wasn't the postcode from the task. So the the postcode from the task I think it was like chosen as 12345 for example. So here you need to enter the new postcode. The nice thing that it would have gotten the postcode automatically from the tow, but if it would have work. The other way around, it would have been way better. It would have saved so much time and effort. Of scrolling through so many names. That's that's my comment here. Ohh, I think. Everything after is OK. I don't have a pickup. And ignored all the things, especially by the pick up that.  There's so many things to scroll through, so up your experience. Yeah, I I summed up my experience with it. Wasn't there something? No, I think I. I said that everything was quite easy and self explanatory. Aside from the Geneva and the US thing that those points. Quite of. Not like the others. And then there was the next test. Yeah, of the rules which apply. Ohh ohhh yeah here when I read through the rules and then I came to the conclusion that the rules might have been the same as other. Countries like you need to be vaccinated you if you are vaccinated. Not so like you won't have to be quarantined or something like that. And if you're not, you have to follow. Or certain measurements, or no. I think this is. This is where I had to look also. Yeah, this is the task. A mixed mixed task. This one, Yep, I tried to see here or no, no no OK can can you just post a second? OK so so the point that I was saying was right it was to to the one before about the rules. It's the same as. Is every other country currently like if you are vaccinated or so it's OK, you won't have to go through quarantine the 10 days. If you're not, you have to. The only exception is if you come from a higher risk area. So you will. It doesn't matter if you're vaccinated or not, you need to go through the quarantine that 10 days. If I'm not mistaken, 10 or 7, there are different rules, but that would be like what I skimmed through. Before, because the next the next task was quite interesting. Yeah, after being vaccinated, a brother that you would like. So I I, I would assume that this is like we're speaking theoretically because.     Yeah, exactly exactly anything related to technology. Every day is Monday for it. Yeah, it's it's. It's just how it works. Every day is Monday. But Hmm. Is talking. Not yet. All I'm seeing is your profile picture and she's turning. Alright, OK, let's try. Is it working yet? Umm no. OK.  3 seconds or. Ohh there is middle ground OK. Let's try this. Yeah. Press the link, press the link, press the link. Yeah, press it. It's right there, press it. Prison. Yeah, OK, we can pull. We can pose no OK. So, so I have the link and I would see that I need to give my name, date of birth surname, personal identification and there is an address and for the address. I didn't say for example, is it? My address in Slovakia. Or is it my address where I am from for example? The this was, uh. .1 there then like cell phone. Anyway, they need some information about vaccines and so on, and I would assume you're everything is OK and then you would go down like you need to click one when you click one of them, it would activate both of them and then you would read like your personal data is being processed for the purpose of providing health services. Providing this personal data is voluntary. I have read that theirs if it's volume. Why is it? Why wasn't written from the start? Like why did I go to to fill out everything to know in the end that it was voluntary? This is one point. The second point is. I'm not sure why, why I can't fill it, for example like this, like I can dig the books, but they could have also made it that I could fill it there. Not like to write it by my hand for example. That's where they've been an option too, and would have made everything also easier, but that that wasn't what they wanted, and then I think I tried to Scroll down to see if there is something else, and then he realized that that's not the form I'm looking. Uh, yeah, and I criticize the good faith declaration like. What is good faith declaration? What are you hoping from the. Like, I don't think that's the right word to use. Here like I I think are they like trusting me in providing only the good faith and the right answer or like good answers. That was quite skeptic for me. Good faith. Wow. That was quite confusing. Please print out the following year. Then I realized that wasn't the one. Looking for. Then I opened this and here I was happy and satisfied. OK everything makes sense if we can. If you can pose a little bit. OK so I would read names, surname, personal identification, like date of birth, general and so on. Health insurance address in Slovakia. So now it's it's. It specifies that it needs the address in Slovakia for example, let the the one where I. Or where I am, what I am from the the one after it. It doesn't say anything in English. Number of doses, institute at data and title of vaccination and email address. Those made me a little bit confused like. How am I supposed to know what State Institute of Drug Control or what date and time for the vaccination and so on? And then I I read. Downwards like all the information needed to fill in the uh in the chart you will find in the certificate vaccination received in Slovakia when being vaccinated. So that destroyed my mind for one thing. And then I realized that this formula wasn't for getting vaccinated. This formula to get the digital certificate because it says, I think. When I Scroll down it will say. Down like this is to get the digital certificate and I looked at myself and then. Why, like you could have said if I want to to get the virtual certificate, the digital certificate yeah, but like why would I like this is not something I would fill out myself. This is this would be the thing that the doctor, for example would fail. This was one thing. The second. Thing was, is like done? Aren't they supposed for example, uh? This is for applying for vaccination. Then you don't see any so much here because it it just tells you that go back to the other two and fill them, but they're not ready to any vaccine and like one of them is optional where you need to say how many doses and the other. You need to to fill to get the digital certificate and nothing will make any sense here. What I was expecting, for example. Yeah, you will get a date and then you might be asked to feel so stuff like do you have allergies or are you feeling well? Did you get? Koran before or something like that, but none of the none of these were here, for example. That made me a little bit confused. But yeah, I think it. That was the idea behind. Like filling the stuff isn't that hard, uh, other than the part where it was quite real to realize later that. This needed this need to be filled after you get vaccinated and that was quite. Quite the confusion, let's say. And what's happened before then? I think next next evaluate your conversation regarding the steps required to complete the vaccination series. I don't think I was quite satisfied with that because it didn't have anything to do with the vaccination other than what you do after you get vaccinated. And I'm not sure if that was the kind of information you would. I was supposed to find. If I'm lucky. To get vaccinated in Slovakia because that was that was the other end of it. Like that. What would happen at the end, not at the beginning. Percy, what are the next steps after filling the forms? I think I said that you can pause it. I think it was to feel like you need to fill out everything you need. Also to provide what was it called certifications and. Everything and you will scan them all. The documents should be scanned and send to an email and then you'll need to bring them also with you to the doctor when you will get vaccinated. Ohh, and we can continue here the question that was interesting that I thought that was the end. But then came a questioner. Afterwards I pressed start. And then I give here 3. For the overall, like there was positive stuff, but the. The couple of negative stuff. Uh, I would have given four or five maybe, but the couple of negative stuff, and you give three. How did you feel about obtaining the obtaining the information gay got also three because I had to go through so many things to obtain the information I needed to, and which it could have been made so much. Scribe understand what the understandable. Also, I give it three because some things made sense. Something didn't make sense. For example, and then I finished. It turned off the extension. I hope that everything was recorded and I wasn't sure if I needed to send anything or it did. It does that by itself or so. That was also quite interesting. Ohh 
