Okay, I'm starting with a website now and immediately it has a ton of numbers, which is a little bit intimidating for me. I'm sure it's fine and then I'm assuming this has cookies. I'm fine with those. Okay. Coronavirus in the Slovak Republic very cool I like how it has all the stats here just seems a little bit overwhelming. I wonder this sticks out to me as well. Total number of recovered patients let's increase it just except fix there's no number there okay so there's a lot of vaccinated people here I'm learning so much already okay I'm traveling I don't need to travel there so I'm assuming you don't need to register. Maybe. Oh, okay read about traveling. cool like that. It's a little bit small, but I figured it out. Okay, current measures, travel and immigration. Let's see current measures rules for establishments wearing face masks or respirator let's learn about that because I'm, I'm interested in that actually face masks. Oh, depends on the degree of warning as according to COVID automation interesting. That's very different. From where I am. Okay. Rules indoors. Interesting, interesting. It has a lot of bullet points here. A lot of rules and I'm just assuming that's just because the country does that. Rolls outdoors. Interesting. Okay, children up to an age of six years. I didn't know that. Okay, let's say if I want to visit What do I have to do traveling immigration? That's what I would have to do. Traveling to Slovakia that's what I would need or foreign affairs. Okay, let's start with traveling to Slovakia. Border regime of Slovakia. Okay, regulation valid from July 19. So that's quite a while back I'm doing this in October. So general rules for arrival from abroad. No later and upon entry in the territory of Slovak Republic. people arriving into luckiness register. Okay, so I'd have to register by air are also obliged to fill in the form of passenger location. Oh, okay. So I wonder is this passenger location where it's from, oh, arriving from country not listed in the city. So I'm assuming this is just for what country you're coming from? Where? What airport you're landing. I think it's what country that would make that would make sense. unvaccinated people entering the territory of Slovak Republic from 19 July six 6am. Self isolation, okay. These are all good things to have. Definitely. This is the information that I'm always looking for when I'm going to travel somewhere. So it's good that it's right here. I love that vaccinated person. Okay, so it's it's interesting how it's that same person here and then you have the non vaccinated tucked up here but it's also interesting how there's so much information here that at least 14 days and not more than 12 months after administration second dose, these 21 days and not more than 12 months after administration of the single dose vaccine. Okay, so there's a lot of different rules or requirements. II Okay, right. That's what that website was up there. I liked how that was linked previously. That's linked a lot actually, which is very cool. No test is required. Is my country on here. That's interesting. I don't see oh, no, I do see it right here. Okay. I jumped to conclusions. Let's see. Okay, so we have all of the all the registration and Vaccine Information here, which is really good. That's what I would imagine I would need that. Let's go back to the homepage, and see if there's anything else I would need to know. Other than what do i do i know prevent infection symptoms Coronavirus. So if I overwrite this one, which takes me to a different website, which is very cool, okay. Ministry of Foreign Affairs, I'm just gonna let that load. Okay, so if I go just back over here, it has all the information I need, it seems like which is great. So I'm pretty impressed with it. I think that there's a ton of information here but this is also similar to how a lot of government websites are set up over here and you have oh, this is interesting permission. To their exemptions from compulsory home isolation. Commuters really? Okay, so I'm wearing a lot just beyond what I would have to know for this, which is great. I really like that. It looks like I have found all the information I need. It's a great website. It has everything I look for when trying to decide what I need for travel. The statistics in the beginning are a little overwhelming just because there are so many, and the way to get to the travel information is a little small, so it seems like it would be easy to miss. Overall though, it had more than enough information to the point that I would be confident if I was traveling there tomorrow. I especially appreciated the guidelines on facemasks because it is so different in different countries that I do not know what would be socially acceptable in one country but not another. Just trying out so this is puzzling and confusing and I hate it. I disliked it. I am disliking it. 