Spend one to spend one or two minutes familiarizing yourself with the website. OK. OK, I'm scrolling around the website and looking. To what I can find. There is information about vacation testing called plus some useful applications. Uh, yeah, I can switch the language and we'll some stats. I saw some advanced statistics. Also, there is code Automat which is currently disabled. You can register for the first or. 3rd dose of the vacation. And also register for tests VCR and IG. OK, let's let's continue to the next task. Describe your initial impressions with the web. With. First of all, I think it's quite a quite a long way to down, like. I mean it's there's so much information that I can keep scrolling and scrolling feels forever. Uh, I would prefer if there were. Maybe some kind of tabs where I can on the top where I can choose if I'm interested in tests or what vaccination or some other applications and. Nation. Find the task number 23. Find the information about which region in Slovakia has the highest number of total COVID cases, so I'm interested in statistics, right? Well, I if if I would right now I would press control F and press region. OK, there doesn't find anything, so let's. Let's Click on advanced statistics. I would do other statistics and OK, it's back. I thought it disappeared. Hopefully it won't go away. In case so. There is some kind of court cases. By I think it's. Uh, he's like a weekly. There is number of new cases. It is whatever we are looking for. Find the information which has the highest number of total. Maybe not the total. This is like the weekly right? Uhm? Oh, I think. Oh, there is total number. OK so I found it. It should be. But I show pressure I region gain next task. Where the code is statistics understandable. Oh, Danny. Only only. Two of the statistics which shows the number of new cases. I don't know if it's like daily or weekly. Maybe, maybe, maybe it's daily, not sure. Not sure and the other column which is the total number of cases. Which I found after the second look, but. It's the only one. There, so I think it's quite understandable. Also, there is something to which I'm not going to read right now. Task #5 Find the information about exemptions from cold pools or home is elation after arriving to Slovakia OK? So there is a traveling to. Link. A composer. Home is olation. Energy stration border. Parent positive travel and immigration. Maybe it's still the travel regulation. Border regime is some kind of document. E border. Uh. Scrolling down nothing.  I'm looking for after arriving, so that's the keyword that I'm trying to find. Maybe is this a border travel regulations when we travel? Not sure information is redirects me to the other page, so I'm kind of scared to click on it because of this extension which may stop working. Oh, there is there is more about clickers from there. It's OK. Me. If you have one or two, does is go to download something? Only those, even Slovakia. I'm playing from wait, this is applying for vacations. This is not the one. Uh, no. Travel regulations. And I'm. Current account after arriving. How can I find it's? Can I open this thing? Measures Trying to slide a public usually click on this. It's kind of registration for. I don't think I don't know, so I found it. Or maybe I found it. Hopefully I found it in. How the phone meanwhile download? Yeah. Hum. It's two years old. Let's click on the next task. How did you feel about navigating the exemption? Not sure what this exemption is actually. He What? So you have no idea what kind of exemptions you mean. There is no exemption from quarantine. Didn't really found it, so I can't answer this question. OK, that's #7. Planning to arrive from abroad to Slovakia? OK, find out whether the error is even possible in the end, what are the requirements of the arrival? Oh my God this again. Very quirements of the arrival. I'm regulations. Runs from abroad OK. I think the. Me. This should be the document which I'm supposed to find it in. Origin symptoms plan and what I do. This is Shane Schragis nation. I believe this is against vacations. Not quite the thing that I'm looking for. You must register, so I think it should be possible to travel to Slovakia from abroad. And you should read this 11. PP thing. I'm not going to read find out whether there are weather requirements OK requirements. See specific end requirements for. Uhm? Maybe all of these requirements. So who am I? Running from abroad person from this country's vacation and vacation children. Dance. I don't know what I'm supposed to choose and when I'm supposed to find if or even if this PDF thing is the correct website where I should be. So I think if you want to look at the requirements you should read all these things and I think it's possible to. Uh, to? But I've from abroad to Slovakia next task. How do you do? How do you OK? So I don't. I'm not really sure that if I even found the right information because this PDF is something I don't know if it's. Some kind of third party thing. Where it just links me to this 11 pages long. Document. If I'm supposed to read it or find it somewhere else so. Didn't feel that good about it. There should be, as I said, like I'm imagining that there is a tab. DH says. Coming slackia click here and read something but like OK this is the this is the thing and links me to the registration straight up. It's not some kind of information. It's straight up registration like why? OK, where am I now I'm some kind of code forms.  Go back. OK, going to next task. Wait, fill in the evening. It's a registration form that you have to fill after having Slovakia from abroad. Oh my God, I'm supposed to feel it. You have to feel after you are planning to arrive by plane from USA. OK, let's try that. Not gonna send it even if. It all tells me to. United States of America landing in. Vienna. But And you and you are not vaccinated. Don't use this data and you can make up the rest of them. OK, wait, so four names for these four name. Never heard about it. Sean. What is it? What country you come from? Or if it's like I'm come from Austria, I should click on it. What's the last thing? Ah OK. Surname Smith of course. It's. Maybe 123456. Paper bird treats. Enter the correct way. Oh, I think. By the. OK. The correct day for months. Yeah day 30 January. Hey. Email tester I'm going to copy it over, it's fine. Come on. OK. Wait is this the error? Wait, ERISA restaurants? Yeah, it should be. So the airline eater, but there is no such thing as. Each other Council visit did I visit like? Leave Austria because I landed there. I think going for May Shun which I was supposed to feel, so I'm not sure if I'm if I should press continue or not. But I'm not gonna do it. The other thing not much just ask me my email address and phone. Not sure if I was supposed to write down somewhere my. Where I'm where I'm where I come from? My others and stuff next task. Do you understand the rules of trying to Slovakia? He I mean, there was some kind of, uh, how do I go back? OK, I'm back. There are definitely some kind of rules. But it's this 11 pages long PDF and this is the thing that. It's it's it just asks if I'm arriving and I. Straight up on the registration form like there should be the information there should be like this. Article some kind of thing which has points with where I can read. Oh, what are the rules? But no, it's just the registration. Next task. After being vaccinated abroad, you would like to complete the vaccination in Slovakia. Whatever steps that you need to do that, you need to do describe I would. On how you could fill the forms that you find to play. OK, so we already look at camp back here. So that's so annoying that I click on the home button, thinking it relax me to the original website, but it's some kind of forms website. Uh, OK, so I already micetich mistakenly click on this so this should be it, right? After being OK, uh, playing, wait, no.  It's a complete in Slovakia. Would I try this? Only for vaccination from abroad applying OK, so this should be it, right? OK. Order the steps. OK so how to complete have your abroad? And yes go to OK so I need to download something. Information chart OK. Information is just one page long, and these things should be filled out. Steady Institute badge running if, like dirt person knows what's what's badges. Guessing I need to like fill this thing out. And good fit declaration. They are. They want me to download them. Uh, thinking some kind of documents? Submit both those forms. Submit the ***** and the proof of vaccination original and copy to the doctor at the vaccine. Show Center where you get vaccinated without prior intro station what? To obtain your EU digital goal to click the button what? I sent this so annoying actually it just. Doesn't really tell me anything. It tells me to go somewhere with those two copies. And then. I need to click some buttons which I don't know what this means, right? And then I'll get my career pass. I'm so I'm going blind to some kind of vaccination center without any information, and I'm just hoping they will help me. Next task, did you understand the steps for? Playing to complete, I mean yeah, they're quite simple. They just do things that I'm just want to. Fill out the forms, bring them with myself and then. Gleeks unbutton it should be really easy but what I was expecting was. Now I would expect a form like there is some kind of instructions and then should be formed there for me to fill and get my. Thing where I should put supposed to go? Nike City somewhere that is closest to me, etc. That's #14. What are the next steps after filling the forms? Bring them with me to the vacation center, right? Go to the questionnaire. Thank you you are completing all the tasks we would like you to answer the following questions by describing the answers out loud and also by selecting the number on the rating scale that. How much is your answer? Please don't refer the window during the questionnaire or the last part. How is this guy this summer? People, oh, it's three. Definitely 3. Let's see if I should like explain my decision. I didn't quite remember. All this goes for three. How did you feel about the obtaining the information from the website? 3. If you are in a situation that you would like. Yeah, we actually planning to wislocki I would do you feel confident about the information that they found where the sufficient? Not really too. Thank. 
