I need you to get her here. Clubs. If it's time. But at least three times a year in those 3,400. When a doctor has the opportunity to order online, is it always a use of how often? Hmm, I have a choice, none of which are bills of exchange. Often, every month, every moment everyone who does. The site will read it here. It only consults and probably offer to order an online deadline. Write, you should have you write down well I'll give a name either I know the name or we'll look up. I don't know a neurologist hey looking. Why read? But I see the address phone number there and I see that next free date. Just the address phone number and the next deadline about when it is and when, for example, it does not meet in 3 days, then it is not offered any calendar thus ends. That's the next step. And the other thing is, for example, I don't know here at all uh. That's what I wanted to tell you I don't know is there's a deadline you need the next available date and if you didn't meet me so what to show the profile ha it's we see the hotel he's accepting a new full insurance office we're counting not the office hours went free to show all the free dates it's eye. 7. I think it's all hmm.  Something by ordering I would definitely order there online that there were 2 buttons to show the profile and the customers were also in the profile and ordering just would be that kalendar, because for example when you saw me at the beginning I stared into it that, for example, it wouldn't occur to me that it's in this order profile, uh, not that I would take. It's not easy, it's just this. But here those who know in 1 of mine this way I will give you advice I will be obliged to do no later than 40 minutes before your deadline on the site.  I was in trouble. That's at 26 now what? Of course, uh. The free booking management period has expired. This is what after the expiry of the 40 8:00 period before the deadline, cancellation fees are required after the expiry of the period of 40 8:00 before the deadline. 2 days I'm going to cancel and I'm going to change my deadline, but I don't know if, as a poor poor patient, I'd understand it older or some kind of keep deadline to continue with the payment obligation. So the card cancels. I was already there at the end of the day, uh, what a nod did.  Nothing to change the term nothing here is that I want another term ended I really do not know to go on so I do not know gunshot but I like that there are capital letters that I do not like it. But if I was looking for it there, I'm not sure, but on average, an intelligent person, when I look around, I guess there might be one that everyone doesn't know, but I didn't even make it. Thanks. I wouldn't be killed by Euro 99. I also understand that the doctor will have something to do with it, but for example, if I had a good reason for it, it probably won't let me change them further, there's probably some possibility that you have a good reason for it, because that's what we talked about, that if you have any reason that you're sick or something like that that you don't pay in and there's probably no way I'm there. I think pk. I think the adjustments to the deadline are 2 different things uh when I edit so it doesn't put me anywhere on that new date. I don't understand if I've clicked that new term before. Because it should be tied to the fact that it really is that it really is those two days, but at that 40 8:00, but I'm saying that nowhere else, for example, are you going to cancel it and you can't get the metal sick in the bowl of a kid getting sick that he's going to get some de facto apologies to that doctor that you had a compelling reason for that. Can I get my leg? I'm going to go to the chickens, I'm going to break my leg and I can't come, and it's already costing me €2, I'd love to come, but I just can't come to the stankovian or I don't know what he's up to. Well, registering was easy. Specialization probably writes, it's not a cardiologist online term online term yes, but specialty cardio search and I have the most crazy 30s but so I put cardio looking. And I guess it's so sorted. Hey? A closer date and. It's here uh uh, uh, I'm supposed to fill something out when I'm registered. It wasn't, uh.  He can take me tomorrow, pk. I can't wait, it's just another singer, but I don't know where I'd be looking for it. Now the question is that if he 1 contact me and I contact you and him, it is possible to consult the results of previous examinations of the hrahranica, or else after ordering you contact you on another and I read well that they accept and there probably will be some info. Uh, slightly complicated, but just because I think I'd do it once if I worked with it, it's totally cool, okay?    Thanks, so. Registration registered German contact as now I do not know how to give me an email or very call so and I am a regular person is just a statement, I have time, I until then I do not give you time to give and read uh uh. Hmm, like 100, you probably were. The current address profile I want patients to know that you changed this information well I'll fix it but make fun of it. Well edit the uh street it's I write the alices and the city numbers bla bla save save uh messages send to all ordered patients to send. I would give all patients a nebula does not have an Osusky good day, it will not be a good day dear patients, I would like to inform you about the planned piece. This date, to break the act, you'd write that. I left 1 what I went looking for patients, patients with thoughts. Announcements, so I'd go from the patients. I'd go expect them to do it for me from patients or from anyone who writes to me. I certainly wouldn't go to the news to send patients a message with my ears I just, I'd go to the patient's place to look for some push button to notify patients or send a message to a patient or something. I certainly wouldn't go to the news I went there, so we'd talk about it there. And what do I get and? Everything is clear to me, surprised by the translation of hr. I like photos, for example, that nothing that I like. Uh, I don't know that it's big. Such a well-visible substrate. It's good that it's easy to read and it's working fast, and after I've read it every time, I always read reviews of just that doctor on. What people write, so I'm very happy for the fact that it's there that the option just there 2 thing is that if a doctor can somehow just edit it, if a doctor can delete bad reviews from his profile, for example, because then it would be untrustworthy and then it would be useless for me if you could. Uh for 2, can he comment on them? He might have given himself something to answer, but I don't know if I can comment on it. Yes, I will set an example, I welcome there could also be some discussion, that would ask people some frequently asked questions and that I am concerned about something and they are not there. I'll read that I don't have to write to that doctor and. I'm going to find some kind of discussion about the 2016 2016 2016 2016 debate, and some of these doctors who're there have already answered some patient and I'm kind of wondering, so you understand that there's just going to be a discussion forum where just the doctors with those specialties that you're asking, right? This question is how quickly the doctor would answer me that, for example, if there was one, but you can see if he had the next free date of 2 weeks, I'd be two weeks away from 2 weeks. Why the math in my eye and when I could read it that someone was already dealing with it, it made me at least 40% happy that I'd wait two more weeks and if I hadn't found it, I'd never have done it again, so. What I didn't like was what I didn't like about, but I don't like it like it if it went slowly, that it's been loading for an awful long time, but I wouldn't like it shaking lo. There's a good thing there aren't useless articles, that there aren't useless any I don't know what. The only thing I'd go into this discussion is for sure, but that there aren't any that someone's giving you, that he's going to buy vitamins, and I'd probably go out there and make fun of it, that's where you have to ask me what I didn't like, it was fine, no. I'm an hour and a half away, so it was quick. It was a flight you were and appropriate. Well now from how likely it is to this site for a long time. So what do you think parents like well this site together as the right side. Does this website have a user-friendly hand. It's a side of general, well Romanian. Pleasant coloring is navigating me side here simple 4 how easy to do it as easily 100 on this website. Which skin was easy was to book a date. Confusing experience really.