Task number one. Find the information about which region in Slovakia has the highest number of total COVID cases. Advanced statistics.  Probably right? Yeah. I'd assume so. Uh, which region? These are regions. Number of new cases in the region. Highest number total and not now. Or new? Total number is Bratislava region followed by. That one. No, it's this one. Press shove or press solve region. Alright, I think. Cool. Were the COVID statistics understandable? Yeah, I suppose so. I can read numbers. Find the information about exemptions from compulsory home isolation after arriving in Slovakia. Exemptions from. Go home. Start from there again. Look for anything related to that. Current measures perhaps? None of those seem real. Dude. Travel, perhaps after arriving. Uh, perhaps travel regulations. That opens up this.  OK. This is the stipulations in which a person is considered vaccinated. A vaccinated people must do things. Fill out a form which is valid for six months. Vaccinated person. Do not need to enter mandatory self isolation after arrival to the Slovak Republic. That is an exemption. But there is also. Sort of exemption in this case, but that's not for self isolation. That's for testing. If Thursday exceeds 12 hours left, submit an application through the web page. Registration is valid for one week. Consider that to be done. How do you feel about navigating on the exemptions website? I don't know. I don't particularly. Feel much. About it Is there an exemption website? I mean, I mostly just ignore it. I like seeing all the information. Anyway, like as I go down, I can read everything and if I need to know something else I can refer back. To all the other things that I've already seen. Receive the information from what you search and not all this other things that. I can see at a glance. Well, I look for the other stuff. You're planning to arrive from abroad to Slovakia. Whatever the conditions of arrival. Focus on whether the arrival is even possible, and if yes, what are the conditions of arrival. The conditions of arrival. I don't know what that means. Ah. So the. Requirements to arrive. I would assume that's similar to the travel regulations thing already. Perhaps? And it works. OK, no later than upon entry in the territory of the Slovak Republic, persons older than 12 years and two months of age arriving in the Slovakia. Must register and must be able when requested to show proof of registration during their stay in Slovakia. All unvaccinated persons entering the territory of the Slovak Republic. They go between Slovak Republic and Slovakia. It's kind of inconsistent.  Center self isolation, which ends in case of asymptomatic course and without testing on the 10th day. If after arrival from abroad, people have COVID-19 symptoms, they have to report this to their attending physician or. Pediatrician If they do not have an attending physician in the Slovak Republic, they shall inform a locally competent physician of a self governing region. How do they legally determine if someone is competent? I don't know. What are the conditions? Must do this. Is it possible? Yeah, hope so. Interpretation of the railways station. You better come fix so sweet wearing all published in the journal. I shall go here and see what information it gives me. It gives me Slovak. I do not understand that language. I shall go back. Yes. Requirements. But it does not outright say whether you are allowed to or not, but. Oh, I suppose. That's yes, I can go in. There's conditions for it, but yes. They gave me a yes. How do you feel about the information you found, it seems? Informative. And hopefully in enough depths. To achieve actually. Being able to follow through if needed. So that's hard too. Say for certain, without actually doing it. Of which I have not. Then the form your arriving by plane from the USA that you're being within arriving in Slovakia. Oh, interesting. Do not submit the form of the last step. Only fill the information. Use this data and you can make up the rest of them. OK. Registration had arrival.  Birth date. What am I arriving? Today 123456. Native birth. Dot com pistol@gmail.com. Phone number. I'll just copy and paste it. Except for the 9. So I'm assuming it is not vaccinated. As someone who is vaccinated would not need to do home isolation. Have no exemption. Brother I don't know how to use your addresses.   OK.  Why not? What's it gonna do? Nothing. Right you only. Next task. How did you feel about filling the form? How I feel about filling in most forms? Kind of boring. And they messed up their thing. Yep, that's about it. Do you understand what are the rules after arriving after arrival in Slovakia? Yes. It states them. After being vaccinated all abroad, you would like to complete your vaccination in Slovakia. What are the steps you need to do try to do describing out loud how you would fill the forms that you need that you find to apply for VAC. Questions from abroad. Cool go home. Never mind, that's so rock I'll go back to here. How would you feel about the forms? I don't need this one. Data vaccination country. This is former requirement. He does not say here. Information chart. How to complete vaccination series? Go download and sign both. Submit both and proof of previous vaccination original and copy to the Doctor of the Vaccination Center. Alright. COVID pass will be needed to obtain your EU digital COVID certificate. Alright. Only the dose given in Slovakia would be shown in Ute UDC. They had a typo. So you must fill out both of these. Battle. Porpoise No, I won't start reading all this lock. How you would fill them out? What are the steps that you need to do? You need to do this out. Yeah, I do the steps that it says to do. Great. Yes, I understood. Order the next steps after filling the forms, you go to the place. With. The forms in the previous proof. A vaccination? To the vaccination center. Where you get vaccinated? Yep. Go to the questionnaire. Thank you. I've completed all the tasks we will like you to answer the following questions by describing the answers out loud and also by selecting the number on the radius scale. Best matches your answer. Please do not refresh the website during a questionnaire, otherwise your answers will be lost. Great. How would you describe your overall experience with the website? Four, it's informative. As I need it to be, I suppose. How did you feel about obtaining information from the website? Same as before. If you were in a situation that you would actually be planning to visit Slovakia.  Do you feel confident about the information that you found where they sufficient? The information, if it is accurate, would be sufficient, yes. Yes, it's states pretty clearly what it States and what would be needed if it is accurate and up-to-date, yes. Thank you for participating. You are welcome. 
